70 INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 71
Condensed Notes
to the Interim Financial
Statements
1. Reporting entity
do not include all of the explanatory notes Uncertainties regarding these estimates and of these estimates depends upon actual
typically included in full-year financial statements. underlying assumptions may lead to situations future stock market performance and actual
The accounting policies applied by Formycon whereby a material adjustment is required in future staff turnover, both of which may
Formycon AG (hereinafter also the “Company”), Group in the preparation of these Financial future periods to the carried amount of the deviate from the original estimates used
together with the subsidiary companies within its Statements correspond to those applied by relevant asset or liability. in preparing these Financial Statements
scope of consolidation (hereinafter “Formycon Formycon Group in its consolidated financial and may thus lead to significant correc-
Group”, “Formycon” or the “Group”), is a leading statements for fiscal year 2022. In addition, These estimates and underlying assumptions are tions in future periods (see Note 9 “Share-
independent developer of high-quality biosimilar milestone payments received during the reporting subject to regular review. Revisions to estimates based compensation arrangements”)
drugs, meaning follow-on products to biopharma- period are now being recognized as revenue in are generally recognized prospectively. During
ceuticals already on the market. Formycon has the period in which Formycon attained the the review of estimates for the current period, no — Identification of multiple performance obliga-
long specialized in the development of biosimilars contractual milestone(s) and in which this attain- grounds were identified for any such revisions. tions under the development partnership for
and is able to cover all technical stages of the ment was confirmed by the contracting party. The key discretionary decisions made by Formy- purposes of revenue recognition (see Note 6
biopharmaceutical development chain from con’s management in the application of account- “Revenue”) and separation thereof between
analysis and cell line development to preclinical The Group generates revenue from the granting ing principles and valuation methods in the provision of development services and
studies and clinical trials, all the way through to of licenses to drug development assets in preparation of these Financial Statements, along granting of license
the creation and submission of regulatory progress, which include the licensee’s right to with the main sources of estimate uncertainties,
approval application documents. In addition to its further development such assets. Such revenue were compared with those in the preparation of
decades of experience in protein chemistry, is realized insofar as it is reliably measurable at the consolidated financial statements for fiscal Assumptions and
analysis and immunology, Formycon also has the time the license is granted. In addition, the year 2022.
estimate uncertainties
extensive expertise in the successful transfer of Group generates revenue from the achievement
antibodies and antibody-based therapies into the of development milestones under these license
clinical development stage. agreements, which are recognized in accordance Judgements Significant assumptions and estimates which
with the cost-to-cost method. The associated could result in the risk of necessary adjustments
Formycon AG has its registered offices in Martin- expenditures are recognized in profit or loss as Judgements exercised by the Executive Board in subsequent reporting periods to the amounts
sried/Planegg, Germany, and is entered into the incurred, even if these relate to licenses capital- have an impact on the following specific issues recognized herein have been made in the
commercial register (Handelsregister) of the ized in accordance with IAS 38 (“Intangible presented herein: following specific cases:
District Court of Munich under number HRB Assets”). Subsequent to the conclusion of a
200801. The Company’s shares are listed in the license agreement, expenditures are capitalized — Lease term: Determination of whether — Recognition of deferred tax assets: Avail-
Frankfurt Stock Exchange’s Open Market “Scale” only to the extent that these are not related to the exercise of lease extension ability of future taxable profit against which
segment for small- to medium-sized companies the achievement of the respective milestones or options is reasonably certain deductible temporary differences and
(Deutsche Börse: Open Market, Scale, German (on a pro rata basis) to the extent that these are tax losses carried forward can be utilized
securities identifier (WKN): A1EWVY, ticker symbol: available for possible own use beyond the — Internally generated intangible assets: Point (see Note 10 “Income tax expense”)
FYB, ISIN: DE000A1EWVY8). license granted. in time at which the criteria of IAS 38 (“Intan-
gible Assets”) are met, thereby resulting in an — Determination of the fair value as of the
obligation to capitalize the asset (see Note reporting date of contingent consideration
12 “Goodwill and other intangible assets”) arising from the 2022 business combination
transaction
2. Significant 3. Use of judgements
— Valuations under IFRS 2 (“Share-based
accounting principles and estimates payment”): The determination of the fair
value of share-based payment arrangements
is based, among other factors, upon future
These condensed consolidated interim financial The preparation of these Financial Statements in share price volatility and future staff turn-
statements (hereinafter also the “Financial accordance with IFRS requires Formycon’s over, both of which may have a significant
Statements”), presented here in translation from management to make certain judgements, influence on the valuation of the options
the German original, have been prepared in estimates and assumptions that affect the at the time of issuance. The correctness
accordance with IAS 34 (“Interim Financial reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets
Reporting”). As interim financial statements, these and liabilities, as well as related notes.