Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 32 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 33
rent assets (trade and other receivables, contract
Key financial performance indicators in accordance with IFRS
in € million assets, and cash and cash equivalents) exceed
current liabilities excluding shareholder loans and
1H 2022 1H 2023 1H 2024 the current portion of conditional purchase price
payment obligations. All else being equal, a higher
Revenue 17.6 43.8 26.9
level of working capital means a lower risk of liquidi-
EBITDA -7.6 7.3 -16.9 ty shortfalls. Formycon’s goal is to maintain positive
working capital on a consistent, long-term basis.
Adjusted EBITDA -8.7 1.1 -2.1
Working capital 30.7 55.0 63.0 These financial performance indicators are planned
and continuously monitored on a Group-wide basis.
Formycon measures deviations between planned
Accordingly, the Executive Board has since been EBITDA – Earnings before Interest (meaning speci- and actual financial performance monthly, not only
managing, and will henceforth manage, the Group fically finance income/expenses), Tax, Depreciation for Formycon Group as a whole but also for the
based on the following set of financial performance and Amortization – is a common measure of opera- Formycon AG parent entity. These key indicators are
indicators: revenue, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, ting profitability which excludes non-cash deprecia- analyzed monthly as well as quarterly. The Executive
and working capital. Adjusted EBITDA additionally tion of property, plant and equipment and amortiza- Board also regularly reviews the detailed business
includes Formycon’s participation in earnings from tion of intangible assets. Because EBITDA excludes plan against these actual monthly and quarterly
FYB201, which due to the current contractual struc- certain expense items that are not directly related figures. Moreover, the development plan for Formy-
ture is accounted for at equity, thereby providing a to current business operations, the Executive Board con’s product candidates is intensively examined
broader and more complete measure of Formycon’s believes that the indicator is suitable for measuring and reviewed in considerable detail three times per
Group operating performance. This change is inten- the Group’s operating performance. year, including any impact on the financial plan. In
ded to improve measurability and transparency, for managing the Group, the key financial performance
the Group’s management as well as readers of this As already noted, Adjusted EBITDA additionally indicators described above are supplemented by
report. includes Formycon’s participation in earnings from various non-financial management indicators (see
Bioeq AG, which is under joint control. Bioeq AG’s “Other non-financial aspects” below).
Formycon AG limits itself to announcing specific gui- earnings, in turn, result solely from the operational
dance forecasts with regard to the above key per- success of our FYB201 product. Because this hol-
formance indicators for the current fiscal year only. ding is under joint control and therefore necessarily
Formycon holds a portfolio of partnered biosimilar accounted for at equity, earnings from this Formy-
candidates which, even after successful transfer to con product are not included in operating income
licensed or cooperation partnerships, generate re- and is therefore also excluded from EBITDA, which
venue for Formycon from development work perfor- is derived and calculated from reported operating
med, advance payments, milestone payments and profit (EBIT). Adjusted EBITDA, in contrast, includes
license payments. As the pipeline of development earnings from FYB201.
projects matures, Formycon expects the proportion
of revenue from milestone payments and license Through close attention to the Group’s working ca-
payments from product sales to further increase. pital, the Executive Board is able to monitor liquidity
needs and changes and to ensure that Formycon’s
financial soundness is maintained into the future.
Working capital measures the extent to which cur-