10 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS FORMYCON AG HALBJAHRESBERICHT 2023 11
payments received from our FYB202 partner, we
have also been seeing the acceleration of reve-
nues from the sale of our first commercial product
FYB201, particularly during the second quarter. We
will continue to invest in expanding our pipeline to
generate sustainable long-term value.
In this exciting phase of our corporate develop-
ment, we are especially pleased to welcome our
new Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Enno Spillner,
who has been supporting us with his considerable
experience and expertise since April 1, 2023. We
Dear Shareholders
are confident that Mr. Spillner will be a great
and Friends of Formycon, addition to our senior management team and will
make a significant contribution to Formycon’s
continued success.
with a successful start to 2023 behind us, we are
pleased to be able to give you an encouraging Growing biosimilars market relieves pressure
update on our progress at Formycon AG. During on healthcare systems
the first half of the year, we successfully com-
pleted the clinical trials for our next two biosimilar While gross pharmaceutical sales in Germany Dr. Stefan Glombitza Nicola Mikulcik
CEO CBO
candidates in the final development stage, have doubled since 2006, sales of biopharmaceu-
FYB202 (reference drug Stelara®) and FYB203 ticals have quintupled. These sophisticated
(reference drug Eylea®). These favorable results biological drugs currently account for € 19.5 billion
follow upon two major milestones last year: the in annual sales, or 34% of total German pharma-
strategic transaction with ATHOS KG, and the ceutical sales.1
approval and product launch of FYB201, our
biosimilar to Lucentis®. In Germany alone, healthcare providers are
already saving an estimated € 1.7 billion each year
What this means is that Formycon is currently through the use of biosimilar alternatives2 – and
undergoing a crucial transition: from an R&D-cen- this number is rising rapidly. As the pharmaceuti-
tric company into a significant market player in the cal market segment with the highest projected
rapidly growing global biosimilars sector. Thanks growth rates, the global biosimilars business is
to our promising commercialization partnerships, expected to be worth more than USD 30 billion by
our strong and broad product pipeline, and our 2026. As to the potential annual cost savings to
agile and powerful organization, we feel well healthcare providers globally through the use of
prepared to continue on our successful path as biosimilars, this figure could climb to more than
we master this next phase of our company’s USD 100 billion.3
growth.
With our superb workforce, our agile corporate
The striking increase in Formycon’s revenue structure and our valuable pipeline of projects
during the first half of the year largely reflects two under active development, we see Formycon as
positive effects: In addition to two milestone very well positioned in this growth market.
Enno Spillner Dr. Andreas Seidl
CFO CSO
1 IQVIA: Fokus Biosimilars. Trends und Entwicklungen im
deutschen Biopharmazeutika Markt, Q1 2023.
2 AG ProBiosimilars: Grafik des Monats Februar 2023.
3 IQVIA: The Global Use of Medicines 2023: Outlook to 2027.