34 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 35
Significant events
Signing of global commercialization partnership per New Share, resulting in gross issuance pro- filing of the biologics license application (BLA) for 30, 2023, Formycon Group held cash and cash
with Fresenius Kabi AG for Stelara® biosimilar ceeds of € 70,070,000.00 before commissions FYB203 with the U.S. Food and Drug Administra- equivalents of € 36.9 million, with this solid liquidity
candidate FYB202 and other costs. The New Shares, which corre- tion (FDA) on June 29, 2023, in line with the Com- position reflecting the capital increase in February,
spond to approx. 6.02% of the Company’s existing pany’s original plan. The FDA generally decides which generated gross issuance proceeds of ap-
At the beginning of 2023, Formycon, as owner share capital, were placed with select investors in within 60 days of submission whether to accept prox. € 70.1 million.
of the exclusive worldwide marketing rights to Germany and other member states of the Europe- the application (“file acceptance”) for further exam-
FYB202 (ustekinumab), announced the conclusion an Economic Area who are “qualified investors” ination. In the case of FYB202, a candidate biosim- This dynamic growth can likewise be more broadly
of a global licensing agreement with Fresenius within the meaning of article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) ilar to Stelara®, Formycon was able to announce seen in the global market for biosimilars. Recent
Kabi AG. Upon successful approvals by the re- 2017/ 1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) as well as the successful completion of the expanded phase studies are forecasting robust average annual
spective regulatory authorities, Fresenius Kabi will with select investors in certain other jurisdictions. 1 pharmacokinetics (PK) study, marking a remaining growth rates (CAGR) of up to 25.9% over the next
launch FYB202 in key global markets. Already Within the United States, the New Shares were milestone in this development project. Submission four to five years. Formycon has good reason to
with the signing of the agreement, Formycon will placed exclusively with “qualified institutional buy- of regulatory approval documents in Europe and be satisfied with last year’s market launch of its
receive an upfront payment along with subsequent ers” within the meaning of Rule 144A, which pro- the U.S. remains planned for the third quarter of first biosimilar product, FYB201. The initial success
payments contingent upon the achievement of vides an exception to the registration requirements 2023. has been particularly striking in the United States,
certain regulatory milestone, which are expected under the Securities Act of 1933. where Formycon’s sales partner Coherus BioSci-
to total in the mid double-digit million euro range. ences Inc., which markets the Lucentis® biosimilar
Summary statement of Executive
In addition, profits from futures product sales will The net proceeds from the capital increase will under its new trademark CIMERLI™, has already
be divided roughly equally. Secondary marketing primarily be used to accelerate the ongoing devel- Board on business performance secured significant market share compared to
rights for Germany and for certain parts of the Mid- opment of Formycon’s own biosimilar candidates a competing biosimilar. With a permanent reim-
and economic environment
dle East and North Africa (MENA) and Latin Ameri- (FYB202, FYB206, FYB208, FYB209) through bursement code (Q-Code) under the Healthcare
ca regions remain with Formycon. to the regulatory approval stage, to expand the Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) used
biosimilars pipeline, and to support the Group’s Formycon Group can look back with satisfaction by Medicare and other payers recently issued for
Private placement of capital increase to finance organic growth strategy. In addition, Formycon is upon a successful first half of 2023, with significant CIMERLI™, the reimbursement process for treating
further growth considering the integration of further assets along progress in its drug development projects as well physicians and medical practices is now greatly
the value chain into the Group in order to acceler- as six-month consolidated financial performance in simplified, and since the second quarter of 2023,
In February 2023, the Executive Board and Su- ate the Formycon’s organizational development as line with expectations. In addition to first-time sales sales of CIMERLI™ in the U.S. have significantly
pervisory Board of Formycon AG resolved to a highly focused and globally active player in the revenue from FYB201 following its market launch increased as a result. According to information
increase the Company’s registered capital (Grund- biosimilars market segment. The capital increase of in the United Kingdom, the United States, and released by our marketing partner Coherus BioSci-
kapital) by € 910,000.00, from € 15,128,775.00 to has also served to strengthen the balance sheet, certain countries in the European Union, as well as ences, Inc., U.S. sales of CIMERLI™ in the second
€ 16,038,775.00, through the issuance of 910,000 including the partial repayment of the amount revenue from development services provided by quarter of 2023 were approx. USD 26.7 million1,
new bearer shares without par value (the “New drawn and outstanding under the revolving credit Formycon for out-licensed biosimilar candidates, compared to approx. USD 6.2 million in the first
Shares”). The 910,000 New Shares were placed line granted by ATHOS and Active Ownership to a significant part of first-half consolidated revenue quarter of 2023.2
with institutional investors using an accelerated facilitate the strategic transaction with ATHOS. of € 43,789K was from payments under the newly
bookbuilding process under exclusion of subscrip- signed partnership with Fresenius Kabi AG for the As to FYB203, the candidate biosimilar to Eylea®,
tion rights. Formycon anchor shareholders ATHOS Successful completion of clinical development global commercialization of FYB202. In addition which was filed with the U.S. Food and Drug Ad-
KG and Active Ownership Capital, who had previ- phases of FYB202 and FYB203 projects as to an upfront payment upon signing of the agree- ministration (FDA) on June 29, 2023, submission
ously committed to support the transaction, partici- well as submission of approval documents for ment, Formycon received an additional milestone of approval documents to the European Medicines
pated in the capital increase. FYB203 to U.S. Food and Drug Administration payment upon successful completion of the ex- Agency (EMA) is likewise planned for 2023 and
(FDA) panded phase 1 pharmacokinetics (PK) study for remains on schedule. The same applies to the sub-
Based upon the bookbuilding process carried out FYB202. mission of approval documents for FYB202, the
as a private placement transaction, the Executive During the first half of 2023, Formycon was able to candidate biosimilar to Stelara®, for which submis-
Board, with the concurrence of the Supervisory report significant advances in two of its biosimilar Consolidated six-month EBITDA of € 7,262K re- sion to both of these regulatory authorities remains
Board, established a placement price of € 77.00 drug development projects nearing completion. flects this increase in revenue, minus allocated on plan for the third quarter of 2023. As for the
Following positive interim results from the MAGEL- cost of sales. It should be noted that net profit for development of FYB206, the candidate biosimilar
LAN-AMD phase 3 clinical trials on the efficacy and both the current and prior-year periods includes to Keytruda®, preparations are underway for the
tolerability of FYB203, the candidate biosimilar significant non-cash items resulting from the launch of clinical trials, which are planned for 2024.
to Eylea®, Formycon was able to announce the strategic transaction with ATHOS KG. As of June
1 Coherus BioSciences Reports Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Business
Highlights | Coherus BioSciences, Inc.
2 Coherus BioSciences Reports First Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Business
Highlights | Coherus BioSciences, Inc.