Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 52 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 53
Opportunities
rectly arise as a result of these conflicts, as well as Formycon’s core business is the development of development projects, the stringent selection of ed with the development of biosimilars described
their ultimate impact on the global economy. There high-quality biosimilar medicines for the world’s strong and reliable partners, the Group’s high de- above, the Executive Board has reviewed its assess-
can therefore be no guarantee that the Group's proj- most stringently regulated markets. In this global gree of integration along with its agility, and finally ment of the risk level of this category, in particular
ects will not experience delays or interruptions due, market, Formycon seeks growth through the ex- the quality and scientific expertise of the service in view of the fact that certain regulatory authorities
for example, to potential resource shortages, energy pansion of its product portfolio, not only in terms of providers and advisors on which Formycon addition- have, in the past, expressed reservations arising
rationing, or other adverse impacts to Formycon’s the number of biosimilar candidates under develop- ally relies. from audits of production facilities of individual con-
development projects and the costs thereof. ment but also, and at least as importantly, through tract development and manufacturing organizations
their quality and the market opportunity which they Within this core business area and market, Formy- (CDMOs), as well as of certain competitors of Formy-
represent. Possible strategic collaborations may con sees no change in its favorable future outlook. con. The Executive Board has determined that this
significantly contribute toward maximizing these Demographic trends, particularly in Western coun- risk should, in accordance with the criteria of the risk
opportunities. tries, point to a continued increase in the propor- matrix, continue to be assessed as “medium”.
tion of the population over 55 years of age. This
Biosimilar medicines have the advantage over their demographic segment has a higher incidence of
reference products of more cost-effective devel- requiring intensive medical treatment. In addition,
opment because of procedures which are already the life expectancy is increasing around the world,
scientifically proven and development processes meaning that long-term treatments, in particular
which are largely well established. Because the recurring drug administrations, are often possible
similarity and comparability of a biosimilar to its or even medically necessary over longer remaining
reference product must already be demonstrated lifespans.
analytically, the likelihood that the development of
the biosimilar will fail in one of the subsequent clini- Formycon established its position in the highly
cal phases is generally far lower than in the case of promising market for biosimilars development at an
innovative biopharmaceuticals. early stage and, with its comprehensive expertise,
is able to exploit the potential of this fast-growing
At the same time, the level of competition in the market. Formycon’s business model is scalable.
area of biosimilar development is generally, with The continued growth of both the market environ-
few exceptions, modest compared to the market ment and Formycon own business and organization
for conventional generic drugs due to the compara- shows that Formycon Group is on the right path with
tively high barriers to market entry, in particular the its corporate strategy.
complexity of producing biopharmaceuticals and the
specialized expertise required. Formycon is able to Overall risk assessment by Executive Board
overcome these considerable barriers through the
long and proven experience of its staff, the inno- Compared to the prior-year period, there have been
vative concepts and the reliability of the scientific no fundamental changes in the risks described
processes which Formycon applies for its biosimilar above. With regard to the general risks associat-