Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 46 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 47
Risks
the respective reference products. Declining sales Environmental protection, health protection, and are largely still in the development stage. Irrespec-
of a reference product could result in a potential workplace safety tive of this, conditions within the Group’s operating
future market size for a biosimilar under develop- business may change, giving rise to financial risks.
ment by Formycon which is significantly smaller than Workplace safety and health, as well as the pro- As most of the Group’s products are drug candidates
originally assumed. This could, in the worst case, tection of employees and the environment, is a top which have not yet obtained regulatory approval, it
lead to future product sales inadequate to make the priority for Formycon. Formycon therefore places cannot be ruled out that one or more such approvals
The following overview reflects Formycon’s assess- biosimilar development effort profitable and thus great importance not only on the fulfillment of could come later than anticipated, or that the scope
ment of the primary risks that could have a nega- termination of the project. In such case, the antici- statutory and regulatory requirements but also on of approval could be different than planned, or that
tive impact on its business performance, financial pated future income would not be realized. With its the regular training and further qualification of all of approval could be denied. Moreover, the required
condition and corporate reputation. The statements advanced-stage biosimilar candidates, Formycon is its staff in the relevant aspects of workplace safety. financial outlays for product development, regula-
made are within the context of a multi-year planning focused on three of the world’s best-selling bio- Significant fines may be imposed for violations of tory approval and market launch could substantially
horizon. The risk assessments within the overview pharmaceuticals with combined 2023 global sales environmental protection laws. In addition to compli- exceed planned budgets. There is also the possibil-
are based on the “net principle”, i.e. taking into ac- revenue of more than € 22 billion, so that – pro- ance with laws, measures to ensure the health and ity that future license income, even subsequent to
count the offsetting effects of risk management, risk vided that their development reaches successful safety of staff also serve to mitigate the risks and regulatory approval, could be less than anticipated.
mitigation and risk hedging measures. completion – the profitability of these projects, as consequences of employee absences, which may
they stand right now, seems assured. affect not only production or business functions but In order to mitigate such financial risks in its ongoing
Strategic risks also employee perception and thus the potential to operating business, Formycon undertakes highly de-
Industry and market risks impact employee satisfaction or turnover. In addition tailed and long-term planning, drawing also on out-
Compared to the development of an entirely new to the company’s biological safety officer, designat- side expertise. The financial risks of project develop-
biopharmaceutical, the financial investment required From the standpoint of Formycon, conditions in the ed project manager as required under the German ment, which Formycon bears entirely by itself during
for the development of a biosimilar drug is consid- healthcare sector remain favorable. As populations Genetic Engineering Act (Gentechnikgesetz) and the initial development phase, have been significant-
erably less. Nevertheless, the development of a continue to age and people around the globe live trained safety specialist, Formycon has designated ly reduced in the case of the FYB201 and FYB203
biosimilar may cost in the range of USD 150 to 300 longer, the need for intensive and costly medical several other experienced employees with specific projects through partial or total out-licensing deals.
million, requiring cost-intensive analytical, preclinical treatments is growing relentlessly, regardless of eco- responsibilities in the area of workplace safety and Moreover, Formycon has been granted an available
and clinical studies to demonstrate its comparability nomic cycles and consumer purchasing power. protection. A company doctor regularly conducts line of credit in the amount of up to € 48 million by a
to the reference product in terms of quality, safety Moreover, advances in medical technology have preventive examinations and advises employees consortium of two major company investors: Athos
and efficacy. Because of these complex require- been enabling the treatment of diseases which a as well as the Executive Board on medical matters. and the healthcare-focused investment group Active
ments, the development of a biosimilar also requires few decades or even years ago were regarded as Formycon holds all permits and approvals required Ownership. Out of this total availability, € 40 million
a relatively long development timeframe of seven to untreatable or only poorly treatable. Biopharmaceu- for its operations. Compliance with all regulatory was drawn down, of which € 20 million was already
ten years until application for regulatory approval in ticals, in particular, have been a significant driver of requirements regarded safety and the protection repaid in the first half of 2023 and the remaining €
the world’s highly regulated markets. these treatment advances. Of the world’s best-sell- of employees and the environment is monitored 20 million outstanding in the first quarter of 2024.
ing drugs, most are biopharmaceuticals. Specifically internally on an ongoing basis. Moreover, the Group The line of credit is thus currently undrawn and flex-
The prospects for the future commercial success of within Germany, biopharmaceuticals comprised constantly seeks out new opportunities to further ibly available in its entirety until its scheduled expiry
a biosimilar development project are largely deter- 34.5% of the total drug market in 2023 (€55.7 bil- protect the health and safety of its staff. As an exam- on May 31, 2025.
mined by the selection of product candidates at the lion), corresponding to some € 19.2 billion in sales ple, Formycon recently obtained certification of its
start of the process. With its FYB201 and FYB203 revenue – and the trend is continuing upward. company health management system. The possibility cannot be entirely excluded, how-
projects, Formycon is focusing on ophthalmic At the same time, however, the high cost of these ever, that such one or more development partner-
preparations, while its FYB202 project is targeted powerful treatments, which in some cases may Financing and liquidity risks ships could be terminated for reasons not under
at immunological disorders and FYB206 at immu- exceed € 100,000 per patient per year, is a major Formycon’s control. Such an event could have a
no-oncological disorders. burden on healthcare system costs. The political will Formycon’s liquidity situation and equity capitaliza- material adverse impact on the Group’s profit and
to act as a result of these cost pressures could also, tion remain stable, and the Group’s liquidity position loss accounts as well as on its financial planning.
The future size and growth trajectory of these mar- by increasing the pressure on biopharmaceutical is particularly satisfactory for a company which has At the present time, Formycon assesses this risk as
kets may be derived from existing sales statistics for prices, impact Formycon’s business environment. not yet attained profitability and whose products very low.