To our shareholders — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 12 To our shareholders — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 13
efforts. This more convenient dosage form should you’ve said that the first half of 2024 was
be available to doctors and eye clinics over the very successful. Would you say that the
course of the coming year.“ path to future success is also clear?
fyb202 and fyb203 are both approaching Dr. Stefan Glombitza: „Our path to becoming a
the commercialization stage. What are globally leading, independent, pure-play biosimilars
the next steps as you prepare for market specialist is supported by a deep personal commit-
introduction? ment from the entire #TeamFormycon. This extends
to the members of the Supervisory Board with their
Nicola Mikulcik: „In the case of FYB202, our can- extensive industry experience not only in Germany
didate biosimilar to Stelara®, we’re focusing on the but internationally.
initial market launches together with our marketing
partner Fresenius Kabi and working hard to ensure On this subject, I would like to once again extend
that the product is available in sufficient quantities our deepest gratitude to Dr. Olaf Stiller and Peter
starting with the United States and Europe. Wendeln, the two Supervisory Board members
who stepped down in June after having done so
For our second ophthalmology biosimilar, FYB203, much to help us to reach where we are today. With
our partner and license holder Klinge Biopharma Nicola Mikulcik, CBO Enno Spillner, CFO remaining members Wolfgang Essler and Klaus
has concluded an exclusive license and supply Röhrig as well as newly elected members Dr. Bodo
agreement with MS Pharma for marketing in the Coldewey and Nick Haggar, along with Colin Bond
FYB203, as no agreement has yet been reached
MENA region. MS Pharma is very well positioned to our capacity to continue pushing forward with starting from October 2024, we aim to continue
with Regeneron, the manufacturer of the reference
throughout this region and has already been suc- our biosimilar development projects, particularly Formycon’s successful path but with an increasingly
drug.“
cessfully introducing our FYB201 product in these FYB206, at a consistently rapid pace while also international orientation.
markets. ensuring the highest quality standards.“
You’ve just issuance an upward revision
On behalf of the Executive Board, I would like to
to your guidance for fiscal year 2024. This
As to the United States and Europe, we expect to In the case of two biosimilar candidates, specially thank our employees. Without the ex-
is certainly a very positive signal. What
conclude corresponding agreements with strong development is almost complete. What are traordinary efforts of the entire team, the many
were the triggers?
commercialization partners in the second half of the your expectations for fyb202 and fyb203? remarkable successes achieved during the first half
year.“ of 2024 would not have been possible. We are also
Enno Spillner: „Our current 2024 operating figures
Enno Spillner: „As of now, we are fully on sched- grateful to our shareholders for their continued con-
are looking good, and everything is going accord-
How is 2024 looking so far from a ule with all of our development projects and are fidence in Formycon and in the work that we do.“
ing to plan. Sales and EBITDA are expected to
financial perspective? looking forward to the launch of FYB202, our
remain within the forecast range. We were pleased
candidate biosimilar to Stelara®, in 2025. Once Thank you for taking the time
to be able to announce a significant upward ad-
Enno Spiller, Chief Financial Officer: „The entry of the global market launch by our commercialization to speak with us!
justment to our Adjusted EBITDA forecast due to
Gedeon Richter as a strategic investor at the start partner Fresenius Kabi is complete, FYB202 will
better-than-expected results from sales of FYB201,
of the year was a major statement of confidence. significantly increase Formycon’s sales revenue
which are reported through our investment partici-
For us, this was not only a big success as a trans- and help us attain sustainable EBITDA profitability
pation in the Bioeq AG joint venture. These ongo-
action but also a validation of our growth path and over the medium term. The settlement agreements
ing earnings will make a sustained contribution to
remarkable achievements over the past few years. with Johnson & Johnson have paved the way not
our company’s success.“
The cash inflow from this transaction of roughly only for the U.S. market but also, more recently, for
In summary, it’s clear from everything
€ 83 million has made a significant contribution the European and Canadian markets.
We cannot currently give a specific launch date for