46 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 47
In parallel with these ongoing risk monitoring of six to eight years until application for regulatory Specifically within Germany, biopharmaceuticals on medical matters. Formycon holds all permits
processes, the Group may also decide to assess approval in the world’s highly regulated markets. comprised 33% of the total drug market in 2022, and approvals required for its operations. Com-
and report on particular short-term risks that could equal to approx. € 19 billion in sales revenue1 – pliance with all regulatory requirements regarded
require prompt action so that effective and timely The prospects for the future commercial success and the trend is continuing upward. safety and the protection of employees and the
countermeasures may be put in place as neces- of a biosimilar development project are largely environment is monitored internally on an ongoing
sary. determined by the selection of product candidates At the same time, however, the high cost of these basis. Moreover, the Group constantly seeks out
at the start of the process. With its FYB201 and powerful treatments, which in some cases may ex- new opportunities to further protect the health and
The risk management system specifically encom- FYB203 projects, Formycon is focusing on oph- ceed € 100,000 per patient per year, is a major bur- safety of its staff. As an example, Formycon recent-
passes the following risk areas, which are further thalmic preparations, while its FYB202 project is den on healthcare system costs. The political will to ly obtained certification of its company health man-
described in the following sections: strategic risks; targeted at immunological disorders and FYB206 act as a result of these cost pressures could also, agement system.
industry and market risks; controlling; environmen- at immuno-oncological disorders. by increasing the pressure on biopharmaceutical
tal protection, health protection, and workplace prices, impact Formycon’s business environment.
Financing and liquidity risks
safety; financing and liquidity risks; organizational The future size and growth trajectory of these mar-
risks; patent risks; staff risks; risks associated with kets may be derived from existing sales statistics
product development; legal risks; regulatory and for the respective reference products. Declining Financial control Formycon’s liquidity situation and equity capital-
political risks; and competitive risks. sales of a reference product could, however, result ization remain stable, and the Group’s liquidity
in a potential future market size for a biosimilar Through its internal control system, Formycon position is particularly satisfactory for a company
under development by Formycon which is signifi- ensures the correctness of its accounts and ac- whose products are largely still in the develop-
cantly smaller than originally assumed. This could, counting processes, including the correctness and ment stage. Irrespective of this, conditions within
in the worst case, lead to future product sales reliability of its financial reporting as this appears the Group’s operating business may change, giv-
inadequate to make the biosimilar development in its financial statements and management re- ing rise to financial risks. As most of the Group’s
Risks
effort profitable and thus termination of the project. port. In this, Formycon relies upon the standards products are drug candidates which have not yet
In such case, the anticipated future income would established by the Institute of Public Auditors in obtained regulatory approval, it cannot be ruled
not be realized. With its advanced-stage biosim- Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutsch- out that one or more such approvals could come
The following overview reflects Formycon’s as- ilar candidates, Formycon is focused on three of land, IDW) for accounting-related internal control later than anticipated, or that the scope of approval
sessment of the primary risks that could have a the world’s best-selling biopharmaceuticals with systems and risk management systems. could be different than planned, or that approval
negative impact on its business performance, combined 2022 global sales revenue of more than could be denied. Moreover, the required financial
financial condition and corporate reputation. The € 22 billion, so that – provided that their develop- outlays for product development, regulatory ap-
Environmental protection,
statements made are within the context of a multi- ment reaches successful completion – the profit- proval and market launch could substantially ex-
year planning horizon. The risk assessments within ability of these projects, as they stand right now, health protection, and work- ceed planned budgets. There is also the possibility
the overview are based on the “net principle”, i.e. seems assured. that future license income, even subsequent to
place safety
taking into account the offsetting effects of risk regulatory approval, could be less than anticipated.
management, risk mitigation and risk hedging mea-
sures. Industry and market risks Workplace safety and health, as well as the pro- In order to mitigate such financial risks in its on-
tection of employees and the environment, is a top going operating business, Formycon undertakes
From the standpoint of Formycon, conditions in the priority for Formycon. Formycon therefore places highly detailed and long-term planning, drawing
Strategic risks healthcare sector remain favorable. As populations great importance not only on the fulfillment of stat- also on outside expertise. The financial risks of
continue to age and people around the globe live utory and regulatory requirements but also on the project development, which Formycon bears en-
Compared to the development of an entirely new longer, the need for intensive and costly medical regular training and further qualification of all of its tirely by itself during the initial development phase,
biopharmaceutical, the financial investment re- treatments is growing relentlessly, regardless of staff in the relevant aspects of workplace safety. In have been significantly reduced in the case of
quired for the development of a biosimilar drug is economic cycles and consumer purchasing power. addition to the company’s biological safety officer, the FYB201 and FYB203 projects through partial
considerably less. Nevertheless, the development designated project manager as required under the or total out-licensing deals. Moreover, Formycon
of a biosimilar may cost in the range of € 150 to Moreover, advances in medical technology have German Genetic Engineering Act (Gentechnikge- has been granted an available line of credit in
250 million, requiring cost-intensive analytical, pre- been enabling the treatment of diseases which a setz) and trained safety specialist, Formycon has the amount of up to € 68 million by a consortium
clinical and clinical studies to demonstrate its com- few decades or even years ago were regarded designated several other experienced employees of two major company investors: ATHOS and the
parability to the reference product in terms of qual- as untreatable or only poorly treatable. Biophar- with specific responsibilities in the area of work- healthcare-focused investment group Active Own-
ity, safety and efficacy. Because of these complex maceuticals, in particular, have been a significant place safety and protection. A company doctor ership. Out of this total availability, € 40 million was
requirements, the development of a biosimilar also driver of these treatment advances. Of the world’s regularly conducts preventive examinations and drawn down, of which € 20 million was already
requires a relatively long development timeframe best-selling drugs, most are biopharmaceuticals. advises employees as well as the Executive Board repaid in the first half of 2023.
1 IQVIA, “Fokus Biosimilars” newsletter, issue no. 12