54 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 55
Summary risk matrix Report on risks relating to the
use of financial instruments Report on outlook
Risk Risk type Assessed risk level Change
General risks associated with the Strategic Medium →
development of biosimilars
The financial instruments currently used by The information provided within this section
General risks associated with the Strategic High ↗
Formycon to any significant extent are receiva- includes forward-looking statements based upon
development of an innovative
COVID-19 drug bles, liabilities and bank balances. Liabilities are our current expectations and certain assumptions.
settled within the stipulated period. Potential Identified and unidentified risks, inherent uncer-
Risks relating to clinical trials and to Strategic Low →
the role of Bioeq GmbH as clinical trial currency risks, which could have a negative effect tainties and other factors may lead to significant
sponsor on the Group’s asset situation, financial position deviations between the expectations outlined
Patent risks Strategic / Commercial Medium → and profitability, are mitigated by avoiding the herein and actual future results. Such future
accumulation of significant foreign-currency deviations from these expectations could involve
Regulatory and political risks Strategic / Commercial Medium → positions. the Group’s future financial situation and overall
development as well as the future sales of its
Industry and market risks Commercial Medium → The Group’s most significant foreign-currency current or potential products. With regard to its
exposure arises from purchases of third-party pipeline projects, Formycon AG makes no
Competitive risks Commercial Medium → services in Swiss francs (CHF) and U.S. dollars, representations, warranties or other guarantees of
which are paid promptly in order to minimize any kind that these will receive the necessary
Financing and liquidity risks Financing Medium → currency risks. regulatory approvals or that these will be commer-
cially viable and/or successful.
Controlling Operating Low → Formycon’s risk management policy is fundamen-
tally to protect against financial risks of all kinds.
Environmental protection, health Operating Low → In managing its financial position, the Group Future development of
protection, and workplace safety follows a conservative risk policy. To the extent
Formycon Group
that payment default or other credit risks are
identifiable with regard to financial assets, these
Organizational risks Operating Low →
risks are reflected through value adjustments. No The development of biosimilars is the strategic
risks are foreseen which might endanger Form focus of Formycon Group and the fundamental
Staff risks Operating Medium →
con as a going concern. basis for its sustainable long-term business
growth.
Legal risks Operating Medium →
With the launch of its first biosimilar product in
Special risks relating to the Ukraine Operating Low →
war 2022, Formycon entered a new phase of its
corporate development in which expected
Special risks relating to the COVID-19 Operating Low →
operating cash flows should open up new growth
pandemic
opportunities for the company. In addition,
through the transaction with ATHOS KG and the
associated acquisition of a 50% share of biosimilar
Determination of risk level based upon estimated probability of occurrence FYB201 and a 100% share of biosimilar candidate
and estimated financial impact in the event of occurrence FYB202, Formycon will now be able to enjoy a
significantly higher share of future revenues and
earnings from the marketing of these drugs.
Probability of occurrence (PoO)
It is planned to invest the cash inflows from these
< 25 % 25 – 75 % > 75 %
product sales primarily into the accelerated
expansion of Formycon’s development pipeline. In
< € 10 million Low Low Medium
doing so, we will have achieved key conditions
necessarily to strengthen Formycon’s position as
€ 10 - 50 million Low Medium High
a global player in the biosimilars market segment
and to further build the Formycon organization
> € 50 million Medium High High
into a fully integrated pharmaceutical company
within this rapidly growing segment.