Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 48 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 49
Formycon will continue to fund its future develop- property and know-how but also ensure that it does relatively low. The loss of key staff, particularly with It cannot be ruled out that particular stages of a
ment pipeline projects from its own financial re- not encroach upon the legitimate intellectual prop- critical knowledge and expertise, would consti- product development program might need to be
sources, with the aim of moving these into attractive erty rights of third parties, such as patents, trade- tute a significant risk. To keep this risk as low as repeated, that one or more such studies might not
partnership arrangements, in whole or in part, start- marks and design rights. This may, under certain possible, the Group has implemented a number of reach successful conclusion, or that a development
ing from a certain product development stage. circumstances, also mean challenging the validity or staff motivation and retention initiatives, along with program might fail in its entirety. Within the scope
With its strong financial footing, Formycon is well po- scope of intellectual property rights claimed by third talent planning to ensure that future succession is of the Group’s development activities, the produc-
sitioned to overcome future financial risks as these parties. in place. It is also impossible to rule out the risk of tion of active ingredients and finished products by
may arise. The Group’s existing financial resources staff absences due to illness. Formycon has, for this third-party producers represents a substantial cost
should be sufficient to largely cover its short- to me- The possibility of patent infringements, even if only reason, established a health management system to component. It should be specifically noted here,
dium-term capital needs. This, however, cannot be alleged, is an inherent risk in biosimilar development mitigate the impact of staff absences resulting from in the context of risks that might arise, that such
used to infer any sort of assurance as to the avail- because of the large number of potentially relevant illness. production capacities must typically be planned and
ability of long-term financial resources. There are, patents which must be considered. Disputes with arranged with lead times of one to two years and
at present, no identifiable fundamental risks which competitors or other patent owners, or defense General risks associated with the development that, for this reason, short-term changes to the proj-
would jeopardize the Group’s near and long-term against lawsuits claiming patent infringement, may of biosimilars ect cycle could result in additional waiting periods
continued existence. The failure of current or future pose a considerable financial burden. Particularly in along with substantial cancellation fees.
development projects could, however, result in fun- the U.S., such legal actions can be very expensive. The quality, comparability, efficacy and safety of
damental risks, depending on the relevance of the In the worst case, such a dispute could result in re- a biosimilar medicine must be comprehensively Another risk is that such outside partners might
respective project to Formycon Group as a whole. strictions on, or even the prohibition of, the market- demonstrated to the regulatory authorities through not be able to comply with the stringent regulatory
ing of one or more products within relevant markets, analytical and preclinical studies along with clini- requirements which apply to gaining regulatory
Organizational risks and/or the imposition of sizable fines. Such a legal cal trials. Both the planning and implementation of approval of a biosimilar drug, such as inspections
action could also make it necessary to cease the any individual stage of product development could and audits. Should such an event arise, regulatory
Formycon’s operating activities depend upon the development, launch or marketing of one or more potentially entail delays which are generally not approval could be delayed or completely denied.
proper functioning of its laboratories and IT infra- products. predictable and which, in turn, would result in higher In addition, difficulties arising in the recruitment
structure. Various risks can be identified which costs. There is, moreover, the risk that final regula- of patients for clinical trials, or in the availability of
might impair or interrupt the availability of these criti- In order to avoid infringements upon the intellec- tory approval of a biosimilar candidate might take production capacity, production components or pre-
cal resources, temporarily or even over an extended tual property rights of others, Formycon conducts longer than planned, or that the drug might not be cursors, and/or other necessary inputs could have
period. To the extent possible, the financial risks exhaustive patent searches already at the time that approved at all. an impact on development works or clinical trials,
which might result from such events are insured. In project candidates are selected, then continues to thereby also adversely affecting the timeline and/or
addition, Formycon employs modern technologies closely monitor the relevant patent environment In its biosimilar development work, Formycon relies profitability of a drug development project or even
and established processes to eliminate or mitigate over the course of the development of its biosimilar in part upon external partners. Should an external jeopardizing a project in its entirety.
the risks cyberattacks or other potential data loss. candidates. Nevertheless, the possibility cannot be partner fail to provide the required resources, or fail
The Group also regularly conducts maintenance excluded that Formycon could be the subject of pat- to provide them within the required timeframe, or Risks relating to clinical trials and to the role of
and inspections of its critical equipment by trained ent litigation, even if such litigation is unjustified. should the timeframe in which such resources are Clinical Research GmbH as clinical trial sponsor
personnel or specialized service providers, making made available be shifted for other reasons, this
changes to equipment as necessary to ensure that it Staff risks could lead to delays in the Group’s development With the takeover and integration of Bioeq GmbH
remains at the state of the art. projects. in May of 2022, Formycon expanded the scope of
The expertise and many years of experience of its its drug development capabilities to include clinical
Patentrisiken employees are key pillars of Formycon’s success. With this in mind, Formycon plans all steps of prod- development and the direct management of clinical
In particular, the development of a biosimilar drug, uct development with the greatest possible care trials. Bioeq GmbH, a legally separate subsidiary
Formycon Group’s success, competitive position from early-stage analysis through to regulatory and, to the extent feasible, with reasonable time of Formycon Group which has since been legally
and future revenues depend upon its ability to navi- approval, requires highly qualified specialists. Over allowances for delays that might arise. Preclinical renamed to “Clinical Research GmbH”, continues
gate the complex intellectual property landscape as recent years, Formycon has been able to recruit and clinical studies as well as the extensive program to serve, as it did before its acquisition by Formy-
it develops its biosimilar candidates with the aim of numerous highly qualified scientists and manag- of analytical characterization take place in close con, in the role of “clinical trial sponsor” for Formy-
approval and market launch, generally as promptly ers. This demonstrates that the Group is a highly consultation with the respective authorities and with con-developed biosimilar candidates and thus as
as possible upon patent expiry of the originator attractive employer, able to successfully fill these assistance and expert advice from outside special- the official contracting entity for these clinical trials.
drug. This means that Formycon must not only critical positions, even in a fiercely competitive labor ists. Notwithstanding this, the results or outcome of In its role as clinical trial sponsor, Clinical Research
establish legal protections for its own intellectual market. For a growing organization, staff turnover is any such study cannot be completely predicted in GmbH bears not only financial risks but also the risk
advance. of liability towards participating patients or other test