50 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 51
Risks relating to clinical trials
and to the role of Bioeq GmbH As clinical trial sponsor, Bioeq GmbH is, moreover, policies and standard operating procedures. The reference drug as well as the pricing of any new
obligated to comply with detailed and rigorous specific legal and regulatory requirements spec- competitors in the market. It is, in addition, entirely
as clinical trial sponsor
regulatory requirements for good clinical practice ifications are regularly reviewed and adjusted as possible that the manufacturer of the originator
(GCP) when conducting clinical trials of medicinal necessary. The Group’s internal training system, product might reduce its pricing upon the market
With the takeover and integration of Bioeq GmbH, products for human use under the EU Clinical random validation checks and case-by-case re- entry of new and competing biosimilars, or seek to
Formycon expanded the scope of its drug Trials Regulation, which apply to clinical trials view of specific individual situations that may arise enter into discount agreements with health insurers
development capabilities to include clinical worldwide and which serve to protect patients further serve to ensure proper compliance with all or other major buyers over extended contractually
development and the direct management of and ensure the integrity and correctness of the applicable requirements. binding periods, in order to retain market share.
clinical trials. Bioeq GmbH, a legally separate data and findings generated through the trials. This would improve its defensive competitive po-
subsidiary of Formycon Group, continues to serve, The clinical trial sponsor, participating study sition against a new biosimilar entry and make it
as it did before its acquisition by Formycon, in the centers and other parties involved in the clinical Regulatory and political risks more difficult for the biosimilar to take share.
role of “clinical trial sponsor” for Formycon-devel- trials process are regularly subject to GCP
oped biosimilar candidates and thus as the official inspections by local health authorities to ensure The requirements and conditions for the regula- Through the experience and expertise of its staff
contracting entity for these clinical trials. In its role compliance with these GCP regulatory tory approval of drugs by the relevant authorities and its strategic partners, the strategic positioning
as clinical trial sponsor, Bioeq GmbH bears not requirements. are subject to constant change. The risk cannot of its product development portfolio, and its strong
only financial risks but also the risk of liability be excluded that these authorities might change financial footing, Formycon strives to face these
towards participating patients or other test the regulatory requirements in such a way as to competitive challenges. Nevertheless, it cannot be
subjects. With the acquisition of Bioeq GmbH as a Legal risks impede, or even entirely preclude, the regulatory excluded that competitors might, in an unexpected
subsidiary company belonging to Formycon approval required for a biosimilar to reach market. or unpredictable way, find themselves in an advan-
Group, these risks are effectively assumed by Formycon does business in a competitive interna- Moreover, the political and public policy environ- tageous competitive position relative to, and to the
Formycon. tional environment and in highly regulated markets. ment, particularly in the European Union and the detriment of, Formycon’s products.
There is thus the possibility that Formycon could United States, may have a significant influence on
Formycon and Bioeq manage these risks through be drawn into legal disputes which might even be market opportunities for biosimilars as a whole or
Special risks relating to the
an appropriate industry-standard monitoring and unjustified or frivolous, which could, for example, within specific areas of indication. For example,
quality management system, using a risk-based be based upon patent law, competitive or antitrust politically influenced changes to regulations gov- Ukraine war
approach in order to assess and ensure quality law, tax law or environmental law, or arising from erning biosimilars and their interchangeability with
and safety through all phases of the clinical trial agreements or other contractual claims. Moreover, the original patent drugs may have an impact on
process. This includes but is not limited to the possibility cannot be excluded that such legal competition or pricing and thus have a significant The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine
ensuring the protection of clinical trial participants actions might, whether through court judgements, impact on sales revenue for the biosimilar market involves risks that cannot yet be assessed but
and the accuracy and reliability of the clinical trial binding arbitration or regulatory or other official as a whole and on future Formycon-developed which, in particular, have a bearing upon the cost
results. Toward this end, predefined checks are decisions, result in financial burdens which are, for products in particular. Furthermore, the possibility and availability of energy in Germany and may
regularly carried out along the entire clinical example, not covered by insurance or only partially cannot be ruled out, particularly in the U.S., that a make raw materials and preliminary products as
investigation process as part of the risk control insured. partial or complete government shutdown could well as services which are important to Formy-
system, with particular attention to relevant lead to delays in the regulatory approval process. con more expensive or potentially even scarce.
aspects of proper medical care, patient protection Additional risks arise from the Group’s compli- Formycon strives to mitigate these risks through
and data integrity. Any liability risks which may ance obligations. Actions or inactions by the a long-term sourcing strategy based upon stra-
nonetheless arise are further managed through Group could, for example, be legally contested, Competitive risks tegic partners and transparent pricing. However,
the insurance of participating patients within the inadequate or untimely financial communications the possibility cannot be ruled out that delays or
framework of legal requirements. In the case of could result in fines, or improperly conducted The current aim of Formycon is to launch its prod- interruptions in development projects could occur
clinical trials involving biosimilars, however, it shareholder meetings or shareholder resolutions ucts, through its respective partners either entirely as a result of a potential scarcity of resources or
should be noted that the risk of harm to participat- could be disputed. With these risks in mind, For- or in part, upon expiry of patent protection on the rationing of energy, or that the development costs
ing patients or other test subjects can generally mycon assesses and monitors all of its relevant reference product in the respective market. In thereof could become significantly greater.
be assessed as low because the proteins processes, procedures and decisions from a legal each such market, Formycon must compete not
employed have been in regular clinical use by the standpoint, using in house and/or outside exper- only with the manufacturer of the reference drug,
originator for a number of years and have already tise as necessary. The Group has, in addition, who might attempt to defend its market position
become an established therapy for the respective introduced a compliance management system that and establish barriers to market entry (e.g. through
indication. takes into account applicable legal and regulatory life-cycle management), but also with other biosim-
requirements, which are also incorporated into the ilar producers. The competition situation in each
Group’s Code of Conduct as well as other Group specific case will depend upon the pricing of the