Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 44 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 45
Report on risks and
opportunities
Staff expenses for Formycon AG during the first half and development and approval management activi- Risk strategy and policies Risk management is a cornerstone of Formycon
of 2024 were € 12,180K (1H 2023: € 10,650K), with ties. A large part of the Group’s reported sales reve- Group’s governance, ensuring compliance not only
the increase due primarily to the greater average nue results from the provision of staff services under The effective management of risks and opportu- with legal and regulatory requirements but also with
number of employees. so called “FTE agreements” for development work nities is an essential part of Formycon’s corporate general principles of sound corporate governance.
on biosimilar candidates that have been previously management, serving to ensure that the company is Regular bottom-up reporting from all departmental
Formycon Group’s workforce is highly qualified, par- licensed out or are under development through able not only to realize its currently existing poten- areas is utilized to identify and analyze risks to the
ticularly in terms of educational level, and training is partnerships. tial as successfully as possible but also to maximize company wherever these may exist along the value
also a company priority. As of June 30, 2024, 80.6% its future business and financial potential. Formycon chain, and wherever possible to mitigate them, with
of the Group’s employees have completed a univer- As of June 30, 2024, a total of 170.0 group em- understands risks as both internal and external the aim of preventing these risks from occurring in
sity degree, which in the case of 37.8% is a doctoral ployees were, on a full-time equivalent (FTE) basis, events that could potentially have a negative impact the first place or, if this is not possible, to proactively
degree. Since 2022 Formycon has been cooperat- working in research and development (June 30, on the achievement of its business objectives and manage the consequences in the event that the
ing with the regional chamber of commerce (IHK) in 2023: 157.1). During the reporting period, consolidat- forecasts. Working within the overall risk level which risk nonetheless materializes. The focus is first and
offering technical vocational training positions for ed group research and development investments we consider justifiable and appropriate, the Execu- foremost upon those risks that could have a signif-
young people, under which it currently employs one of € 16,567K were capitalized, which are costs for tive Board then decides which specific risks Formy- icant adverse impact on business activities or even
trainee as an IT specialist for systems integration. the continued development of FYB206 project. In con should accept in order to take best advantage jeopardize the Group’s continued existence.
the area of patent protection, Formycon continued of the available opportunities. Formycon’s goal is to
As to gender diversity, some 60% of the Group’s to push forward with the internationalization of its identify risks as early and proactively as possible, to Twice each year, the risk report is presented to the
workforce is female. The employee average age as pending patent applications and to manage and assess them appropriately, and to mitigate or avoid Executive Board, which examines risks and available
of June 30, 2024 was 41 years. Formycon is proud uphold patents already granted. Product develop- them by taking suitable actions. The risk strategy, routes of action to mitigate them. The Executive
of the diverse organization that it has developed ment activities are proceeding on schedule, and which encompasses Formycon’s entire scope of ac- Board, in turn, reports its findings to the Supervisory
over the years. The international diversity of Formy- thus prospects for the success of these develop- tivities, is regularly reviewed by the Executive Board Board.
con’s staff, from 32 different countries, reinforces its ment activities remain strong. Including capitalized and further developed as necessary.
self-image as a truly global organization and bio- development costs for the FYB202 project acquired In parallel with these ongoing risk monitoring
pharmaceutical company. as part of the acquisition transaction, the total book Risk management system processes, the Group may also identify and report
value of these capitalized development costs as of special short-term risks that could require prompt
Research and development June 30, 2024 was € 529,745K. Formycon, one of the few independent developers action so that effective and timely countermeasures
of biosimilars, operates in a dynamic global market may be put in place as necessary.
Because Formycon has been, over the past fiscal The productivity of Formycon’s research and devel- with many different participants and influencers.
year as in the preceding years and remains today opment staff, measured in terms of hours directly Business success is determined by the identification The risk management system specifically encom-
focused primarily on the development of its own allocable to development projects, remained at the of profit opportunities, along with an effective sys- passes the following risk areas, which are further
biosimilar projects, out-licensed projects, and those high level of previous years. During the reporting tem for the best possible assessment of the many described in the following sections: strategic risks;
under development through partnerships, the period, 85.1%* (1H 2023: 85.1%*) of all hours worked and varied risks associated with these. Regular industry and market risks; financial risks; workplace
Group’s activities are essentially limited to research were project related. Over this same period, 16.6%* reviews of this system further ensure that it is con- safety, organizational and patent risks; and opera-
(1H 2023: 14.6%*) of hours worked were performed stantly improved and that, as circumstances change, tional risks.
by employees who are not assigned to the research changes are likewise made to the system promptly
and development area. and in accordance with evolving needs.