44 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 45
Corporate Governance compliance over the coming years – likewise on a The productivity of Formycon’s research and de- identification of profit opportunities, along with the
voluntary basis – into this section of the company’s velopment staff, measured in terms of hours direct- best possible assessment of the many and varied
Corporate governance spans all aspects of man- future annual financial statements. Formycon’s aim ly allocable to development projects, remained risks associated with these. In order to ensure that
aging and monitoring a company. In simple terms, in doing so is to strengthen the confidence of its at the high level of previous years. During the this happens, the entire staff of Formycon, up to
it means consistently good management, which investors, its employees and the public that it is a reporting period, 85.1% (1H 2022: 85.1%) of all hours and including the Executive Board, must adhere to
is something we wholeheartedly believe in. The well-managed, properly supervised company that worked were project-related. During the same the Group’s established risk management system,
German Corporate Governance Code (Deutsche can be counted on to do the right thing. period, 14.6% (1H 2022: 17.1%) of hours worked were thereby aiming to ensure that that these risks are
Corporate Governance Kodex, DCGK) provides a performed by employees who are not assigned to handled optimally while at the same time providing
comprehensive rulebook, with principles, recom- the research and development area. the necessary entrepreneurial and operational
Research and development
mendations and suggestions for executive boards flexibility. Regular reviews of this system further
and supervisory boards of officially listed German ensure that it is constantly improved and that, as
companies based on nationally and internationally Because Formycon has been, over the past fiscal circumstances change, changes are likewise made
recognized standards intended to ensure that all year as in the preceding years, and remains today to the system promptly and in accordance with
listed companies are managed in the interests of focused primarily on the development of its own evolving needs.
Report on risks and
stakeholders. The Code, originally published by biosimilar projects, out-licensed projects, and
the German Federal Ministry of Justice in 2002, those under development through partnerships, opportunities Formycon’s risk management system is a cor-
was most recently recast by the Government Com- the Group’s activities are essentially limited to nerstone of the Group’s governance, ensuring
mission on the German Corporate Governance research and development activities. A large part compliance not only with legal and regulatory
Risk strategy and policies
Code (Regierungskommission Deutscher Corpo- of the Group’s reported sales revenue results from requirements but also with general principles of
rate Governance Kodex), which entered into legal the provision of staff services under so called “FTE sound corporate governance. Good risk man-
force upon publication in the Federal Gazette on agreements” for development work on biosimilar The effective management of risks and opportu- agement strives to recognize potential risks as
June 27, 2022. candidates that have been previously licensed out nities is an essential part of Formycon’s corporate early and proactively as possible and to suggest
or are under development through partnerships. management, serving to ensure that the company suitable countermeasures, whether to prevent the
This new Code provides clarify regarding the is able not only to realize its currently existing risk from occurring in the first place or to mitigate
respective obligations of a company’s executive As of June 30, 2023, a total of 155 group employ- potential as successfully as possible but also to consequences in the event that the risk nonethe-
board and supervisory board to ensure the contin- ees were, on a full-time equivalent (FTE) basis, maximize its future business and financial potential. less materializes. The focus is first and foremost
ued existence of the company and its sustainable working in research and development (June 30, Formycon understands risks as both internal and upon foundational risks that could have a signifi-
creation of value (company interest) in accordance 2022: 129). During the reporting period, research external events that would have a negative impact cant adverse impact on business activities or even
with the principles of social market economy, tak- and development costs of € 21,147K were capi- on the achievement of its business objectives jeopardize the Group’s continued existence. For
ing into account the interests of the company’s talized, which are costs for the continued devel- and forecasts. Working within the overall risk level this purpose, Formycon has appointed various
shareholders, its workforce and other groups with opment of the FYB202 project acquired through which we consider justifiable and appropriate, the risk managers who are responsible for risk man-
an interest in the Group (together “stakeholders”).1 the ATHOS transaction, as well as for the FYB206 Executive Board then decides which specific risks agement in their respective administrative and
project, which attained a development milestone Formycon should accept in order to take best ad- operational areas.In this way, all risks which are
Because Formycon shares trade within the “Open in the previous year whereby future economic vantage of the available opportunities. Formycon’s significant and can be anticipated, having first been
Market” segment,2 it is not legally subject to the re- benefit can now be assumed with sufficient prob- goal is to identify risks as early and proactively broken down into the respective administrative
quirements for organized markets within the mean- ability, thus permitting the capitalization of devel- as possible, to assess them appropriately, and to and operational areas, are subjected to systematic
ing of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpa- opment costs incurred starting from the attainment mitigate or avoid them by taking suitable actions. ongoing monitoring and assessed as to their prob-
pierhandelsgesetz) and it not legally considered to of this milestone. In the area of patent protection, The risk strategy, which encompasses Formycon’s ability of occurrence and the severity of potential
be listed. As such, Formycon is under no obligation Formycon continued to push forward with the entire scope of activities, is regularly reviewed adverse consequences.
to publish a corporate governance statement or internationalization of its pending patent applica- by the Executive Board and further developed as
declaration of compliance. However, as part of our tions and to manage and uphold patents already necessary. The results of risk management monitoring and
commitment to transparent communication with granted. Product development activities are pro- reviews, along with all relevant information, are
our investors, the Executive Board and Supervi- ceeding on schedule, and thus prospects for the presented to the Executive Board following each
sory Board of Formycon have taken initial steps success of these development activities remain Risk management system six-month period. The Executive Board may, if it
to implement the principles, recommendations strong. Including development costs for pending deems appropriate, conduct its own independent
and suggestions anchored in the Code within our projects acquired as part of the acquisition trans- Formycon, one of the few independent develop- assessment of risk management process and/or of
organization to the greatest extent possible with action and capitalized in 2022, the total book ers of biosimilar medicines, operates in a dynamic specific key risks. The Executive Board also reports
the aim of, in addition to this voluntary report on value of these capitalized development costs as of global market with many different participants and its findings to the Supervisory Board.
corporate governance, adding a declaration of June 30, 2023 was € 500,165K. influencers. Business success is determined by the
1 Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code
2 Frankfurt Stock Exchange, Open Market