To our shareholders — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 10 To our shareholders — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 11
about 15% of Crohn’s patients are currently being than anticipated. With the launch of clinical trials in FYB206 to its reference drug Keytruda®.
treated with highly effective biologics.1 In the acute June, we hope to secure a strong market position
phases of Crohn’s disease, severe inflammatory for FYB206, our candidate biosimilar to Keytruda®6. Top-selling reference drugs generally
symptoms often occur for periods of several weeks, As a biosimilar to the world’s top-selling drug, the mean a lot of potential competitors in the
severely impacting quality of life for those afflicted, economic importance of this project can hardly be biosimilars market space. Where do you
including tremendous psychological stress. The overstated. We see enormous future demand. see Formycon in this competition?
treatment option is there, but it is being used too
rarely. We want to change this - in this specific case As to the FYB202 project which I mentioned be- Andreas Seidl: „The start of clinical trials is a good
with FYB202, our candidate biosimilar to Stelara®2, fore, we expect EU approval as early as the begin- indicator for comparing our own development prog-
for which we expect EU approval shortly following ning of the fourth quarter of 2024, a few weeks ress to that of our competitors. All in all, we can be
the CHMP’s positive recommendation.3 As biosimi- ahead of our original plan, due in no small part to very satisfied by this metric because it means that
lars like our FYB202 enter the market, competition the superb work and quick response times of our we are in the leading tier of biosimilar developers,
increases, costs fall, and patient care improves.“ development teams. In the United States, we like- particularly within the target markets of the United
wise expect FDA approval for FYB202 around the States and Europe.“
Formycon announced quite a number of end of September. In addition, we hope to begin
development advances over the first six work on FYB210, a new biosimilar candidate, in the I know that a lot is also happening in
months of this year. Which of these were second half of the year. In other words, you can the area of commercialization. What are
the highlights for you? look forward to more positive news from Formycon Dr. Andreas Seidl, CSO Formycon’s current priorities?
over the coming weeks and months.“
Stefan Glombitza: „At the start of the year, we Nicola Mikulcik, Chief Business Officer: „Our
said: In 2024 we will lay the foundation for the next Dr. Glombitza mentioned the economic including non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma, FYB201 product, the biosimilar to Lucentis®8, also
phase of Formycon’s growth, which will lead us importance of fyb206 to Formycon. What a particularly aggressive form of skin cancer. These known as ranibizumab, is already available in 19
to sustainable profitability over the medium term, more can you tell us about this? are, in fact, the two specific indications for which we countries worldwide. In the United States and
through the approval of biosimilars and prepara- are currently conducting our clinical trials.“ various other markets, we are pleased with the very
tions for their market launch by early 2025. We’re Dr. Andreas Seidl, Chief Scientific Officer: „With good market penetration we’ve already achieved,
on track for this. this entry into immuno-oncology, we are opening So both of these clinical trials are and we are clearly leading in ranibizumab biosimi-
up an area of active ingredients with extraordinari- already in progress? lars. And the market launches are continuing: Most
A particular highlight is certainly the FDA’s4 approv- ly large market potential. The IARC7 expects that recently, we were able to announce the launch in
al of FYB203, our biosimilar to Eylea®5. With this worldwide cancer cases will continue to increase Andreas Seidl: „Yes, the two clinicals studies are Saudi Arabia through our commercialization partner
approval for the U.S. market of FYB203 – which, sharply in the future. The demand for these modern being conducted in parallel across several centers MS Pharma. Further approvals and product launch-
like our FYB201 product, can be used to treat therapies is immense – so there’s a good reason in Eastern Europe and Southeast Asia. In mid-June, es are planned through to 2026, with a particular
serious retinal diseases such as “wet” age-related why so many biosimilars are being developed for we launched the Dahlia phase I study, comparing regional focus on Middle Eastern and Latin Ameri-
macular degeneration and various diabetes-related cancer treatment.“ the pharmacokinetics, safety and tolerability of can markets.“
diseases – we are now even more strongly posi- FYB206 with the reference drug Keytruda®. Study
tioned in the ophthalmology sector.“ How can fyb206 help cancer patients? participants are patients who have had a malignant How have the European markets been
melanoma surgically removed. developing?
What about Formycon’s other biosimilar Andreas Seidl: „With FYB206, or pembrolizum-
development projects? ab, we are developing a candidate biosimilar that For the Lotus phase III study, we recruited patients Nicola Mikulcik: „We are working hard to further
works by activating the body’s own immune re- with non-small cell lung cancer and began the ac- expand our market share within Europe. The intro-
Stefan Glombitza: „We’re coming along very well sponse to fight the tumor. This is a highly promising tual clinical trials starting from the end of July. The duction of pre-filled syringes to complement the
and in some cases are making progress even faster approach for numerous cancer indications, notably Lotus study compares the safety and efficacy of currently available vials will play a key role in these
1 Baumgart, Misery, Naeyaert, Taylor: Biological Therapies in Immune-Mediated 4 US regulatory authority – U.S. Food and Drug Administration 7 IARC – International Agency for Research on Cancer
Inflammatory Diseases: Can Biosimilars Reduce Access Inequities? 5 Eylea® is a registered trademark of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. 8 Lucentis® is aregistered trademark of Genentech Inc.
2 Stelara® is a registered trademark of Johnson & Johnson 6 Keytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC.
3 The opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP)
of the EMA is the basis for the European Commission's marketing authorization
decision