Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 161
acquisition of the asset, the deferred income is receipts over the expected life of the financial in-
then amortized over the period of the asset's useful strument to the net book value of the financial as-
life and recognized in profit and loss as other in- set, or in the case of a financial liability to the re-
come. Grants which compensate the Group for ex- maining amount thereof.
penses incurred are recognized as a reduction in
expense in the period(s) in which the relevant ex- In calculating interest income and expense, the ef-
penses are recognized, unless the grant conditions fective interest rate is applied to the gross book
are not met until after the related expenses have value of the asset, provided that the asset is not
been recognized. In this case, the grant is recog- credit impaired, or in the case of a financial liability
nized in the period during which the entitlement to the remaining amount thereof. In the case of fi-
arises. nancial assets which have become credit-impaired
subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is,
The Group is currently receiving grants to cover re- however, instead calculated by applying the effec-
search and development expenditures incurred in tive interest rate to the amortized cost of the finan-
connection with the development of the FYB207 cial asset. Should the asset no longer be creditim-
project. Accordingly, the grants are recorded as a paired, the calculation of interest income reverts to
reduction in research and development expenses, the gross basis.
and are reflected in the same way as the expenses
and presented in the Consolidated Statement of Income tax expense
Cash Flows under cash flows from operating activi-
ties. Income tax expense consists of current tax ex-
pense and deferred tax expense. Both are recog-
Finance income and finance expense nized in profit or loss, except to the extent that they
relate to a business combination or to an item rec-
The Group’s finance income and finance expens in- ognized directly in equity or other comprehensive
clude: income (OCI). The Group has determined that inter-
est and penalties on income taxes, as well as un-
— interest income, certain tax items, do not meet the definition of in-
come tax expense, and therefore accounts for
these in accordance with IAS 37.
— interest expense,
Current taxes
— gains and losses of investments accounted for
using the equity method,
Current tax expense is the expected tax liability or
tax receivable on taxable income or tax loss for the
— write-downs of financial assets valued at equity,
year, based on tax rates enacted or certain to be
soon enacted as of the reporting date, along with
— foreign currency gains and losses on financial
any adjustments to tax liability for prior years. The
assets and financial liabilities, and
amount of the expected tax liability or tax receiva-
ble is the best estimate of the tax amount expected
— gains and losses arising from the measurement to be paid or received, but also reflecting any tax
of fair value of contingent consideration classi-
uncertainties. Current tax receivables and liabilities
fied as a financial liability.
are only offset (netted) under certain specific condi-
tions.
Interest income and expenses are recognized in
profit or loss using the effective interest method.
Deferred taxes
The effective interest rate is the interest rate that
Deferred taxes are recognized in respect of tempo-
exactly discounts the estimated future payments or
rary differences between the carrying amounts of