Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 26 Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 27
Management Report" section of our auditor's report. million are reported under financial assets. In addi- assessment of the permanence of the impairment. Furthermore, we satisfied ourselves of the com-
We are independent of the Company in accordance tion, EUR 305.4 million of this amount is attributable Since the end of the 2024 financial year, the busi- pany's forecasting accuracy to date by comparing
with the requirements of European law and German to contingent purchase price payments, which are ness prospects in the biosimilar area have deterio- forecasts from previous financial years with the
commercial and professional law, and we have ful- also reported as other provisions. Financial assets rated sustainably due to intense competition. This results actually realized and analyzing deviations.
filled our other German professional responsibilities account for 87% of the balance sheet total and is leading to increasing price discounts and lower
in accordance with these requirements. In addition, therefore have a significant impact on the compa- market sales. Against this backdrop, the company To assess the methodologically and mathemati-
in accordance with Article 10 (2) (f) of the EU Audit ny's financial position. The main shares in affiliated recognized impairment losses on financial assets in cally appropriate implementation of the valuation
Regulation, we declare that we have not provided companies, loans to affiliated companies and invest- the amount of EUR 126.3 million in the 2024 finan- method, we verified the valuation performed by the
non-audit services prohibited under Article 5 (1) of ments are attributable to Bioeq AG (FYB201) and cial year. company using our own calculations and analyzed
the EU Audit Regulation. We believe that the audit FYB202 Project GmbH. deviations.
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appro- There is a risk for the financial statements that
priate to provide a basis for our audit opinions on Financial assets are recognized at cost. To this end, impairments have not been sufficiently determined In order to take into account the existing fore-
the annual financial statements and on the com- the company capitalizes the contingent purchase and that the material shares and loans to affiliated cast uncertainty, we also examined the effects
bined management report. price payments as contingent acquisition costs and companies as well as the investments are therefore of possible changes in the discount rate and the
increase in the acquisition price of the financial not recoverable. There is also a risk for the financial expected cash inflows on the fair value by calculat-
Key audit matters in the audit of the annual assets. If impairment is expected to be permanent, statements that the fair values for the contingent ing alternative scenarios and comparing them with
financial statements the financial assets are recognized at the lower purchase price payments have not been determined the valuation results of the company (sensitivity
fair value. The company determines the fair value in an appropriate amount. analysis).
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our of shares in affiliated companies and investments
professional judgment, were of most significance in using the discounted cash flow method. For loans, Our audit approach Our conclusions
our audit of the annual financial statements for the the present value of expected future payments is
financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2024. also used analogously, depending on the remaining We obtained an understanding of the Company's The procedure underlying the impairment test
These matters were addressed in the context of our term. process for the valuation of shares/participations of shares and loans to affiliated companies and
audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in and the determination of the fair values for the investments is appropriate and in line with the
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide The cash flows used for the discounted cash flow contingent purchase price payments by obtain- valuation principles. The determination of the fair
a separate opinion on these matters. method are based on investment-specific plans for ing explanations from employees in the finance values from contingent purchase price payments
the next 17 or 16 years, which are extrapolated using department. Based on the information obtained is consistent with the valuation principles. The
The recoverability of the material shares in assumptions for market sales of the products FYB during our audit, we also assessed the shares and assumptions and data used by the company are
affiliated companies, loans to affiliated 201 (Bioeq AG) and FYB202 via long-term amorti- loans to affiliated companies and investments for appropriate.
companies and investments as well as the zation rates. The respective capitalization interest which there were indications of impairment.
carrying amount of the contingent purchase rate is derived from the return on a risk-adequate Other information
price payment resulting from the corporate alternative investment or, for the portion of the con- We then assessed the appropriateness of the key
transaction to acquire the shares in Bioeq AG tingent purchase price payment, from the average assumptions and the company's valuation method The Management Board or the Supervisory Board
(fyb201) and fyb202 Project GmbH market interest rate from the past seven financial with the involvement of our valuation specialists. is responsible for the other information. The other
years corresponding to the remaining term. If the For this purpose, we discussed the expected cash information comprises the following components of
Please refer to Note 3 for information on the ac- fair value is lower than the carrying amount, qualita- flows and the assumed long-term amortization the combined management report, the content of
counting policies applied. Explanations on business tive and quantitative criteria are used to determine rates with those responsible for planning. We also which has not been audited
development can be found in the combined man- whether the impairment is expected to be perma- reconciled the projections with other internally
agement report in the section on net assets, sales nent. available forecasts, e.g. for tax purposes, and the — the combined corporate governance state-
and earnings development. budget prepared by the executive directors. In ad- ment of the company and the Group included
The calculation of fair value using the discounted dition, we assessed the consistency of the assump- in chapter "Corporate governance state-
The risk for the financial statements cash flow method is complex and highly dependent tions with external market estimates. ment pursuant to § 289f and § 315d HGB"
on the company's estimates and judgments with of the combined management report, and
In the annual financial statements of Formycon AG regard to the assumptions made. This applies in We compared the assumptions and data under-
as of December 31, 2024, shares in affiliated com- particular to the estimation of future market sales lying the discount rate, in particular the risk-free — the information contained in the com-
panies in the amount of EUR 348.4 million, loans and long-term depreciation rates, the determination interest rate, the market risk premium and the bined management report that is
to affiliated companies in the amount of EUR 68.4 of the capitalization interest rate from the return beta factor, with our own assumptions and publicly not part of the management report
million and investments in the amount of EUR 151.9 on a risk-adequate alternative investment and the available data. and is marked as unaudited.