Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 196
issuance price of the new shares is not signifi- The Management Board is authorized, subject to
cantly lower than the stock exchange price at the approval of the Supervisory Board, to deter-
the time that the issuance price is determined mine further details regarding the specific imple-
and that the new shares issued under exclusion mentation of any such capital increase and issu-
of subscription rights pursuant to sec. 186 para. ance of new shares, including the issuance price,
3 sentence 4 of the Stock Corporation Act do as well as regarding the rights of shareholders
not exceed 10% of the Company’s share capital, thereunder. The Supervisory Board is further au-
either at the time of entry into effect or at the thorized to amend the Company’s Articles of In-cor-
time of exercise. The calculation of this 10% poration to reflect any such increase in regis-tered
limit shall include (a) any shares which are is- capital and corresponding decrease in Au-thorized
sued or sold during the term of this authoriza- Capital 2023 in the event of any such full or partial
tion under an exclusion of subscription rights utilization of the Authorized Capital 2023 or in the
through the direct application of, and in ac- event of its expiry.
cordance with, sec. 186 para. 3 sentence 4 of
the Stock Corporation Act, and/or (b) any Conditional Capital 2022
shares issued, or which may be issued, to ful-fill
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on
the Company’s obligations arising from the ex-
June 18, 2025, Conditional Capital 2022 was can-
ercise of warrants and/or conversion rights, or
celed and replaced by new Conditional Capital
other stock option rights or obligations, arising
2025/I.
from bonds or profit participation rights, pro-
vided that these financial instru-ments have
Conditional Capital 2025/I
been issued subsequent to the entry into force
of this authorization and under exclusion of The company's share capital is conditionally in-
subscription rights pursuant to sec. 186 para. 3 creased by up to €8,832,213.00 through the issu-
sentence 4 of the Stock Cor-poration Act. ance of up to 8,832,213 new no-par value bearer
shares (“Conditional Capital 2025/I”). Conditional
— In the case of capital increases made Capital 2025/I serves to grant bearer shares upon
against cash contributions, insofar as neces- the exercise of conversion or option rights, upon
sary to grant sufficient shares to holders of the fulfillment of conversion or option obligations,
bonds or profit participation rights with war- or upon the exercise of an option right by the com-
rants and/ or conversion rights, or involving pany to grant shares of the company to the holders
other stock op-tion rights or obligations, and is- or creditors of convertible bonds, option bonds,
sued by the Company or by a direct or indirect profit participation rights, and/or debentures (or
subsidiary thereof, to the extent that they combinations of these instruments) (hereinafter col-
would be enti-tled as shareholders upon exer- lectively referred to as “debentures”) in whole or in
cise of the rele-vant option or conversion right part in lieu of payment of the amount due. creditors
or fulfillment of option or conversion obligation, of convertible bonds, option bonds, profit participa-
or following any right to substitute which the tion rights, and/or profit bonds (or combinations of
Company may have. these instruments) (hereinafter collectively referred
to as “bonds”) issued on the basis of the authoriza-
tion resolution of the Annual General Meeting on
— For the granting of shares issued in lieu of
June 18, 2025, under agenda item 10. The new
cash dividends (scrip dividends), whereby
shares will be issued at the conversion or option
shareholders are offered the option of contrib-
price to be determined in accordance with the au-
uting their dividend entitlement (in whole or in
thorization resolution of the Annual General Meet-
part) to the Company as a contribution in kind
ing of June 18, 2025, under agenda item 10.
against the granting of new shares from Au-
thorized Capital.
The conditional capital increase will only be carried
out to the extent that the holders or creditors of