Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 124
Takeover-related disclo- notifications we received under the German Securi-
ties Trading Act (WpHG):
sures (in accordance
On November 11, 2024, Thomas Peter Maier in-
with Sections 289a and
formed the Company that he indirectly holds
315a of the German 24.03% of the Company's voting rights through
Santo Holding (Deutschland) GmbH, Munich, Ger-
Commercial Code (Han- many.
delsgesetzbuch)) and ex-
On November 11, 2024, Peter Wendeln informed
planatory report the Company that he holds 13.25% of the Compa-
ny's voting rights, partially directly and partially indi-
rectly through Wpart GmbH and Wen.Co.In-
vest GmbH, both based in Garrel, Germany.
IV. Holders of shares with special rights grant-
ing control powers
I. Composition of the subscribed capital
There are no shares with special rights that grant
As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s share
control powers.
capital held by the shareholders amounted
to EUR17,672,927.00, divided into 17,672,927 ordi- V. Type of voting right control if employees partic-
nary bearer shares with no-par value, each with a ipate in the capital
notional value in the share capital of EUR 1.00. The
Employees who hold shares in the Company exer-
shares are fully paid up. All shares carry the same
cise their control rights from shares directly in the
rights and obligations. The rights and obligations of
same way as other shareholders in accordance
shareholders are based on the provisions of the
with the statutory provisions and the Articles of As-
German Stock Corporation Act (“AktG”)
sociation.
and the Company's articles of association (“Articles
of Association”).
VI. Statutory provisions and provisions of the Arti-
cles of Association on the appointment and dis-
II. Restrictions affecting voting rights or the trans-
missal of members of the Management Board and
fer of shares
amendments to the Articles of Association
Each share grants one vote at the General Meeting
Members of the Management Board are appointed
and is decisive for the shareholders' share in
and dismissed by the Supervisory Board in accord-
the Company's profit. This does not apply to treas-
ance with Sections 84 and 85 AktG. Pursu-
ury shares held by the Company, which do not enti-
ant to Section 5 para.1 of the Articles of Associa-
tle the Company to any rights. As of December
tion, the Management Board consists of one or
31, 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury
more members. Furthermore, the Supervisory
shares. In the cases of Section 136 AktG, voting
Board determines the number of Management
rights from the shares concerned are excluded by
Board members.
law.
III. Direct or indirect shareholdings exceeding 10
Amendments to the Articles of Association are
percent of the voting rights
made in accordance with Sections 119 para. 1 no. 6,
179 in conjunction with Section 133 AktG, unless
As of December 31, 2025, the following sharehold-
otherwise stipulated in the Articles of Associa-
ers held direct or indirect stakes exceeding 10% of
tion. The authority to make amendments that only
the voting rights, according to the voting rights
affect the wording is transferred to the Supervisory
Board in accordance with Section 8 para.2 of the