43
Saudi Arabia, increased by more than 8% since sharply. Due to the high prevalence of chronic
2000.1 diseases such as diabetes and the resulting enor-
mous burden on healthcare systems, increasing
Growth in Latin America has been similarly striking. attention is being paid to cost-effective solutions.5
Brazil, the region’s largest market, has for years Governments are making targeted investments to
been investing into the expansion of its public and expand and improve national health programs and,
private healthcare systems – and since the turn of in some countries, are explicitly promoting the es-
the millennium, life expectancy has increased by tablishment of local production and value creation
9%.2 Over this same period, per-capita healthcare within the healthcare sector. At the same time, the
spending has more than doubled,3 and modern regulatory framework for the approval of biosimilars
treatments for chronic ailments such as diabetes, within the region has been, and continues to be,
cardiovascular disease and cancer are placing further developed.6 With the first approvals only in
increasing demands on these systems.4 Throug- the mid to late 2010s, these markets have lagged
hout all of these growth markets, policymakers behind Europe, with the first biosimilar waves thus
and providers have been struggling to balance the hitting later. Those providers who are now develo-
rising demand for innovative biologics against the ping an early market presence have the opportunity
growing cost pressures which are straining health- to establish a strong and sustainable position in the
care systems. region’s tender and procurement structures. This,
however, means that particular regional obstacles
It is against this backdrop that biosimilars are unle- and uncertainties must be overcome, including
ashing their strategic potential. Because treatment currency risks and political instabilities. Furthermo-
with innovative biologics typically entails high costs, re, many markets in the region are heavily reliant
the availability of biosimilars also enables broader upon tender processes, placing particularly high
access to these life-saving treatments. For nume- demands upon supply capabilities, pricing and
rous emerging economies, this means that the in- long-term partnerships. Within this heterogeneous
troduction of biosimilars means not only savings for regional environment, MS Pharma has proven itself
healthcare systems but also broader patient access to be a strong regional and reliable distribution
to the most modern biologics. “Access to medicine” partner for Formycon.
is more than just an abstract concept for policyma-
kers and healthcare administrators; to patients in
these countries, affordable biosimilars can mean
the difference between untreated disease and life-
saving treatment.
In the Middle East and North Africa (MENA), de-
mand for biologic therapies has likewise risen
1, 2 Quelle: Weltbank - https://fred.stlouisfed.org/ 5 https://diabetesatlas.org/data-by-location/region/
3 Quelle: Weltbank - https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SH.XPD.CHEX. middle-east-and-north-africa/
PC.CD?locations=BR 6 https://www.iqvia.com/locations/middle-east-and-africa/blogs/2023/06/
4 https://www.scielosp.org/article/csc/2021.v26n9/3991-4006/en/ unlocking-the-promising-opportunities-of-biosimilars-in-the-middle-east-
and-africa-market