Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 70
launches and approvals – including in Latin Amer- FYB203/aflibercept has received regulatory ap-
ica and selected sub-Saharan African countries – proval in the high-revenue regions of the United
are planned for 2026 and 2027. Following a mar- States, the European Union and the UK. With an
keting pause in the second through fourth quarters agreement now reached with the manufacturer of
of 2025, FYB201 was relaunched in the U.S. market the reference drug, the U.S. market launch is
in early January 2026. planned for the fourth quarter of 2026. A corre-
sponding agreement to facilitate the European
The approval of a second FYB201/ranibizumab bio- launch was also reached after the reporting date.
similar in the United States will provide an addi-
tional treatment option for patients with serious reti- Four additional biosimilar candidates are currently
nal diseases during 2026. This launch is being car- in development. In the case of FYB206/pembroli-
ried out in collaboration with another U.S. partner. zumab, patient recruitment for clinical trials has
been successfully completed.In addition, partner-
Since March of 2025, FYB202/ustekinumab, the ships have been established for both the U.S. and
second biosimilar product to emerge from the MENA region, as well as for the Asia-Pacific
Formycon’s project pipeline, has been available in (APAC) region subsequent to the close of the re-
the key markets of the United States, Canada and porting period.
Europe for indications including Crohn’s disease,
plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. Launches in With the Technical Proof of Similarity (TPoS) mile-
additional regions are currently in preparation. stone reached in 2025, FYB208/dupilumab is now
entering the large-scale manufacturing and clinical
trials phase.
Two further as-yet unannounced biosimilar candi-
dates, FYB209 and FYB210, are currently in the
preclinical development phase.
The continuous expansion of the portfolio through
the targeted selection, development and commer-
cialization of new biosimilar candidates – whether
independently or through partnerships – forms the
foundation of Formycon’s strategy for long-term
and sustainable growth.