Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 81
particularly against emerging new competitors who In addition, Formycon is pursuing a clearly defined
seek to gain competitive advantage through low growth strategy aimed at further developing the
costs. company into a profitable biosimilars specialist built
on sustainable growth. In order to achieve this goal,
4. Operational excellence and lean the Management Board is open to considering me-
development: dium- to long-term cooperation arrangements and
integration in selected areas of the manufacturing
A fourth key factor in Formycon’s global competi- process as well as to building its own commerciali-
tiveness is an organizational model which is lean zation capabilities in certain geographies. In pursu-
and agile yet able to deliver operational excellence. ing this vision, Formycon’s strategic focus is on
Streamlined processes, short decision-making long-term profitability and sustainable cash flows. In
paths and a rigorously data-driven development pursuit of this aim, the Management Board consid-
approach allow Formycon to achieve shorter devel- ers partnerships and integrations – for example, in
opment times, greater cost efficiency, and better certain manufacturing process stages – as well as
utilization of its existing capacities than many com- its own commercialization efforts in selected territo-
petitors. Furthermore, the Company systematically ries, to be viable medium-term and long-term op-
leverages its many years of biosimilar experience tions. The guiding focus will continue to be on
along with state-of-the-art digital methods, includ- achieving sustainable profitability, robust cash flows
ing the use of AI, to further reduce development and an efficient risk-return profile.
risks and bring projects to regulatory milestones
faster and more reliably.
Formycon may, as necessary, adapt its strategy and
operational approach to particular market condi-
By combining these strategic levers, Formycon is tions. During the fiscal year, there was no need to
able to sustainably differentiate itself from its inter- make any significant changes in strategic orienta-
national competitors and to position itself within the tion compared to the previous year.
global market as a reliable, high-quality and inde-
pendent biosimilars specialist with a clear and com-
pelling logic for value creation.
Corporate strategy and management
Formycon’s strategic goal is to sustainably expand
the scope of its business activities with the aim of
becoming one of the leading independent develop-
ment specialists and partner of choice in the rapidly
growing biosimilars market. In order to achieve this
goal, Formycon will continue to consistently invest
into the advancement and expansion of its project
pipeline in order to bring new biosimilars to market
maturity at regular intervals. Formycon is – depend-
ing upon the profile of the respective molecule, the
attractiveness of the market, and prevailing eco-
nomic conditions – capable of realizing this pipe-
line expansion both independently and within the
framework of strategic partnerships.