Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 88
parallel with additional savings to Europe’s concrete preparations and planning for clinical de-
healthcare systems.82 velopment and commercial-scale manufacturing.
Summary statement of Management Board on Formycon’s early-stage biosimilar projects, and the
business performance and economic environ- development advances which these are already
ment yielding, are strengthening the strategic breadth of
the Company’s pipeline and thus its future pro-
During fiscal year 2025, Formycon Group held its spects. These advances also underscore the
own in a market environment which continued to Group’s technological expertise, proven regulatory
be challenging and highly volatile. Despite difficult competencies and operational excellence.
conditions, particularly in the U.S. biosimilars mar-
ket, Formycon achieved significant operational, Alongside the progress in the early-stage pipeline,
regulatory and strategic progress. These advances the fiscal year also saw significant progress devel-
attest to the consistent implementation of a clearly opments in Formycon’s projects in more advanced
defined strategic direction and form a solid founda- stages.
tion for the Group’s medium- to long-term growth.
Over the course of 2025, the temporary suspen-
A key focus during the fiscal year was on the fur- sion of U.S. marketing of FYB201/Cimerli® led to a
ther building and strengthening of the product significant decline in U.S. sales and associated li-
pipeline across all development stages. On the reg- cense revenues, which had a dampening effect on
ulatory approval front, a particularly significant stra- Formycon’s share of Bioeq AG earnings. In other in-
tegic milestone was attained with FYB206, ternational markets, including Europe and the
Formycon’s candidate biosimilar to Keytruda®. Fol- MENA region, marketing of FYB201 continued un-
lowing positive feedback from the U.S. Food and changed. In addition, the introduction of the tech-
Drug Administration (FDA), development has been nologically innovative pre-filled syringe in several
allowed to proceed without the need for a compar- European countries strengthened FYB201’s com-
ative efficacy study (phase III clinical trials). This pio- petitive position. As of the beginning of January
neering regulatory breakthrough serves not only to 2026, Cimerli® is once again available in the U.S.
considerably reduce the total investment require- market.
ment but also to significantly shorten the develop-
ment timeframe. In parallel, the recruitment of study The additional approval of Nufymco® in the United
participants for the clinical pharmacokinetics study States represents a true first in the industry, ena-
was completed as planned, thus further raising the bling the complementary marketing of a second bi-
project’s visibility and significantly enhancing its at- osimilar product to emerge from the FYB201 pro-
tractiveness to commercialization partners, a nota- gram and laying the foundation for an expanded
ble example being the strikingly successful partner- commercial presence in the world’s largest biosimi-
ship deal at the end of 2025 for FYB206 in the lar market. The resulting partnership with Zydus
North American and MENA regions. and the associated advance payment to Bioeq AG
positively impacted the at-equity share of earnings,
Substantial progress was also made on other pipe- which was € 1.2 million for full-year 2025 (2024:
line projects. Technical Proof of Similarity (TPoS) € 12.1 million).
was attained for FYB208, Formycon’s candidate bi-
osimilar to Dupixent®. This milestone clears the way During the fiscal year, FYB202, Formycon’s biosimi-
to move the project into the next phase, including lar to Stelara®, received additional approvals in
Canada and the UK. However, market penetration
of the ustekinumab biosimilar, particularly in the
82 https://www.iqvia.com/library/white-papers/the-impact-of-biosimilar-compe-
tition-in-europe-2025?