Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 117
Report on outlook for
Formycon Group
The information provided within this section in- then and beyond, we will continue to invest in our
cludes forward-looking statements based upon our pipeline projects.
current expectations and certain assumptions.
Identified and unidentified risks, inherent uncertain- The global market for biosimilars is expected to
ties and other factors may lead to significant devia- continue its dynamic growth, with IQVIA expecting
tions between the expectations outlined herein and combined sales of US$ 74 billion by the year 2030.1
actual future results. Such future deviations from However, prevailing conditions, especially in the
these expectations could affect the Group’s future United States, continue to dampen Formycon’s
financial situation and overall development as well near-term outlook. In particular, certain market seg-
as the future sales of its current or potential prod- ments are now expected to open more slowly and
ucts. With regard to its pipeline projects, Formycon price discounts to be significantly deeper than orig-
makes no representations, warranties or other inally anticipated. The recent performance of our
guarantees of any kind that these will receive the projects confirms this more difficult market environ-
necessary regulatory approvals or that these will be ment but also points to associated opportunities.
commercially viable and/or successful.
In the case of FYB201, our U.S. partner Sandoz re-
Business and financial outlook for Formycon sponded to increasing market price erosion in the
Group for fiscal year 2026 first quarter of 2025 by temporarily suspending ef-
forts and adjusting its marketing strategy for
The development of biosimilars remains the strate- FYB201/Cimerli®. The aim of the new plan was spe-
gic focus of Formycon Group and the fundamental cifically to commercially reposition the product fol-
basis for its sustainable long-term business growth. lowing a temporary pause in U.S. marketing activi-
ties and, following the product’s relaunch, to extend
In terms of its product development activities, its reach into new customer segments.
Formycon expects to achieve significant operating
milestones in fiscal year 2026, laying the founda- In January of 2026, Sandoz reintroduced FYB201 in
tion for its further short- to medium-transformation the United States under the new pricing strategy,
from successful biosimilars developer to commer- thereby reopening new commercial opportunities
cially successful and profitable business. Building for Formycon. Marketing in Europe and other terri-
on its two products, FYB201 and FYB 202, already tories outside the U.S. was unaffected by this tacti-
established on various markets, the relaunch of cal marketing measure, and this remains the case.
FYB201/Cimerli® in the U.S. starting from January of
2026, and the planned launch of FYB203 in key In addition to the resumption of U.S. revenue from
markets this year, Formycon is now aiming for Cimerli®, significant additional U.S. revenue poten-
short- to medium-term EBITDA profitability and for tial now exists following the second FDA approval
cash flow profitability within the medium term. Until of FYB201 at the end of 2025 and its market intro-
duction under the parallel brand name Nufymco®.
At the end of 2025, Formycon signed a licensing
1 https://www.iqvia.com/-/media/iqvia/pdfs/germany/publications/fokus-
biosmilars/newsletter-fokus-biosimilars-ausgabe-10.pdf