Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 82
Key financial performance indicators in accordance with IFRS
in € million 2025 2024 2023
Revenue 44.5 69.7 77.7
EBITDA -3.6 -13.7 1.5
Adjusted EBITDA -2.3 -1.6 13.3
Working Capital 70.1 55.1 38.9
Financial performance indicator
the respective marketing partner and subject to
In managing Formycon Group, the Management Formycon’s direct influence to only a limited extent.
Board relies to a significant extent upon the follow-
ing set of financial performance indicators: reve- EBITDA – Earnings before Interest (meaning specif-
nue, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and working capi- ically finance income/expenses), Tax, Depreciation
tal. Adjusted EBITDA additionally includes and Amortization – is a common measure of oper-
Formycon’s participation in earnings from FYB201, ating profitability which excludes non-cash depreci-
which due to the current contractual structure is ac- ation of property, plant and equipment and amorti-
counted for at equity, thereby providing a broader zation of intangible assets. Because EBITDA ex-
and more complete measure of Formycon’s Group cludes certain expense items that are not directly
operating performance. This change is intended to related to current business operations, the Man-
improve measurability and transparency, for the agement Board believes that the indicator is suita-
Group’s management as well as readers of this re- ble for measuring the Group’s operating perfor-
port. mance.
At the present time, Formycon AG limits itself to an- As already noted, Adjusted EBITDA additionally in-
nouncing specific guidance forecasts with regard to cludes Formycon’s participation in earnings from Bi-
the above key performance indicators for the cur- oeq AG, which is under joint control. Bioeq AG’s
rent fiscal year only. Formycon holds a portfolio of earnings, in turn, result solely from its operating
partnered biosimilar candidates which, even after profit generated by our FYB201 product. Because
successful transfer to licensed or cooperation part- this holding is under joint control and therefore
nerships, generate revenue for Formycon from de- necessarily accounted for at equity, earnings from
velopment work performed, advance payments, this Formycon product are not included in operat-
milestone payments and license payments. As the ing income and therefore also excluded from
pipeline of development projects matures, EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA, in contrast, includes
Formycon expects the proportion of revenue from these earnings from FYB201.
milestone payments and license payments from
product sales to further increase.
Through close attention to the Group’s working
capital, the Management Board is able to monitor li-
Because future revenue depends to a significant quidity needs and changes and to ensure that
extent upon the marketing performance of the re- Formycon’s financial soundness is maintained into
spective commercialization partner(s) in each re- the future. Working capital measures the extent to
gion, Formycon is able only forecast such revenue which current assets (trade and other receivables,
within approximate ranges, acknowledging that the contract assets, and cash and cash equivalents) ex-
operational management of these commercial ac- ceed current liabilities, including shareholder loans
tivities – which are key factors influencing achieved and the current portion of conditional purchase
sales volume and revenue – is the responsibility of price payment obligations. All else being equal, a
higher level of working capital means a lower risk
of liquidity shortfalls. Formycon’s goal is to maintain