To our Shareholder — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 13
prudently reflected these developments in our fi- FYB203 in key markets planned for this year, are
nancial planning and valuation. relevant drivers in this regard.
Looking ahead, we benefit from a growing number Against this backdrop, we anticipate growing sales
of marketed products, additional market launches revenue from marketing across the Group. In addi-
and an increasing share of recurring royalties. This tion, we expect contributions from development, li-
enhances the predictability and stability of our rev- censing, and milestone payments, particularly in
enues. At the same time, we remain disciplined in connection with further progress on projects such
our capital allocation and financially flexible. On this as FYB206. At the same time, we continue to invest
basis, we are confident that we will achieve our significantly in our existing pipeline as well as in the
goal of operating profitability in the near term and launch of additional development programs. These
sustain it over the long term.” investments are an integral part of our long-term
growth strategy.
How does Formycon ensure financial
flexibility in a challenging environment? Based on growing revenue on the one hand and
continued disciplined cost and investment manage-
Enno Spillner: “Our financial flexibility is built on an ment on the other, we are aiming for positive
increasingly broad and diversified revenue base, EBITDA in fiscal year 2026. This represents an im-
supported by a forward-looking financing strategy. portant intermediate step toward sustainable profit-
With FYB201 and FYB202, we already have mar- ability in the medium to long term, even though the
keted products that generate revenues, and market environment—particularly in the U.S.—re-
FYB203 will add another product in 2026. For this mains characterized by high volatility and intense
product, we will assume full responsibility for sup- competition.”
ply chain management and market supply and will
be compensated accordingly. In addition, we gen-
erate recurring royalty income as well as upfront
and milestone payments from our partnerships. Thank you very much for the interview
Another key pillar is the corporate bond success-
fully placed in 2025, which has established a relia-
ble long-term financing base and significantly en-
hanced our planning certainty. This overall financ-
ing and revenue structure enables us to continue
executing our growth strategy while preserving fi-
nancial stability.”
What are your expectations for the 2026
fiscal year, particularly with regard to
Formycon’s financial performance?
Enno Spillner: “The 2026 fiscal year will be charac-
terized by the continued transformation from a pre-
dominantly development-oriented company to one
with increasingly commercially revenue structures.
The established biosimilars FYB201 and FYB202,
including the relaunch of FYB201 in the U.S. since
January 2026, as well as the market entry of