Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 110
FYB203 through partial or total out-licensing deals generate the expected level of sales revenue
at an early stage. could, however, result in fundamental risks, de-
pending on the relevance of the respective project
The possibility cannot be entirely excluded, how- to Formycon Group as a whole.
ever, that such one or more development partner-
Environmental protection and sustainability
ships could be terminated for reasons not under
Formycon’s control. Such an event could have a
Formycon’s business operations depend upon a
material adverse impact on the Group’s profit and
stable energy supply, the availability of natural re-
loss accounts as well as on its financial planning. At
sources, and functioning global supply and value
the present time, Formycon assesses this risk as
chains. Energy shortages, rising energy prices or
very low.
climate-related extreme events could lead to in-
creased production costs and operational disrup-
Formycon intends to add further biosimilar candi- tions at suppliers and service providers, potentially
dates to its development pipeline in the future with having an adverse impact on the Company’s earn-
a view to transferring them, either in whole or in
ings and financial condition.
part, to promising partnerships.
Moreover, the increasing scarcity of natural re-
At the end of June 2025, Formycon placed a four- sources, along with environmental and sustainabil-
year unsecured floating-rate bond in the amount of ity requirements, could lead to supply bottlenecks
€ 70 million with an interest rate of Euribor plus
and price increases for certain materials. Formycon
7.0% p.a. Under the terms of the bond issue, also relies heavily on external partners such as
Formycon is required to comply with certain finan- CDMOs (Contract Development and Manufacturing
cial covenants. Specifically, Formycon is required to
Organizations), CROs (Contract Research Organiza-
maintain a cash balance of € 7.5 million for each re- tions) and licensing partners. Violations of legal,
porting period ending on or before September 30, regulatory or ethical standards by these partners or
2026. In addition, the EBITDA debt ratio as of De-
their employees, including corrupt or unethical be-
cember 31, 2026 and as of December 31 of each havior, could result in regulatory sanctions, financial
subsequent year may not exceed 4:1. A breach of penalties, reputational damage and/or operational
these covenants could result in the acceleration of
restrictions. These could, in turn, lead to additional
bond repayment or in a deterioration of the financ- costs, such as those which might be incurred
ing terms. Although the risk of non-compliance is through necessary measures to secure Formycon’s
currently considered low given Formycon’s current
supply chains. Discussion of other ESG-related
liquidity situation and financial planning, there is an risks may be found in the sections on operational
inherent risk in the event of any unexpected ad- risks, regulatory and political risks, and staff risks
verse developments (e.g. project delays, market
and have been considered accordingly in the re-
disruptions, or regulatory changes).
spective risk classifications.
With its strong financial footing, Formycon is well
Health and workplace safety
positioned to overcome future financial risks as
these may arise. The Group’s existing financial re-
Workplace safety and health, as well as the protec-
sources should be sufficient to largely cover its
tion of employees, is a top priority for Formycon.
short- to medium-term capital needs. This, however,
Formycon therefore places great importance not
cannot be used to infer any sort of assurance as to
only on the fulfillment of statutory and regulatory
the availability of medium- to long-term financial re-
requirements but also on the regular training and
sources. There are, at present, no identifiable fun-
further qualification of all of its staff in the relevant
damental risks which would jeopardize the Group’s
aspects of workplace safety. Comprehensive pro-
near-term continued existence. The failure of cur-
cedures have been established for this purpose. In
rent or future development projects to attain regu-
addition to compliance with laws, measures to
latory approval or failure of approved products to