Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 10 Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 11
Prepaid expenses 4. Additional notes to the Balance Approved Capital 2024 4 of the Stock Corporation Act, and/or (b) any
Sheet By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of shares issued, or which may be issued, to fulfill
Expenditures incurred before the period closing June 12, 2024, the Executive Board is authorized, the Company’s obligations arising from the
date are recorded as prepaid expenses if the ex- Fixed assets subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, exercise of warrants and/or conversion rights,
pense is specifically for a subsequent time period. to increase the Company’s registered capital one or other stock option rights or obligations, ari-
A Schedule of Fixed Assets, including depreciation or more times at any time until June 11, 2029, and sing from bonds or profit participation rights,
Deferred taxes and amortization taken in the current fiscal year, is by no more than a total of € 8,828,451.00, through provided that these financial instruments have
provided as Attachment 1 to these Notes. the issuance of up to 8,828,451 new no-par-value been issued subsequent to the entry into force
The calculation of deferred taxes as of Decem- common bearer shares, against contributions in of this authorization and under exclusion of
ber 31, 2024, in accordance with sec. 274 of the Financial assets consist substantially of sharehol- cash and/or in kind (the “Approved Capital 2024”). subscription rights pursuant to sec. 186 para.
Commercial Code, is based upon timing differences dings and investment participations in associated The Company’s shareholders shall, in general, be 3 sentence 4 of the Stock Corporation Act.
between balance sheet items as these are stipula- companies and are regularly reviewed for potential granted subscription rights (which may also be by
ted under the Commercial Code and under Ger- impairments. As part of the review as of December way of indirect subscription rights pursuant to sec. — In the case of capital increases made against
man tax law. The resulting cumulative deferred tax 31, 2024, required impairments were identified for 186 para. 5 sentence 1 of the Stock Corporation cash contributions, insofar as necessary to
benefit (deferred tax asset) and cumulative deferred the Company’s investment participation in Bioeq AG Act). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive grant sufficient shares to holders of bonds
tax burden (deferred tax liability) are determined as well as for its shareholding in subsidiary company Board shall be authorized, subject to the approval of or profit participation rights with warrants
on a net basis in accordance with sec. 274 para. 1 FYB202 Project GmbH. the Supervisory Board, to fully or partly exclude the and/or conversion rights, or involving other
sentence 3 of the Commercial Code. The resulting general statutory subscription rights of shareholders stock option rights or obligations, and issued
differences are substantially the result of tax-loss Receivables and other assets in the following specific cases: by the Company or by a direct or indirect
carryforwards available to offset future profits and subsidiary thereof, to the extent that they
thus to reduce future trade tax and corporate tax The remaining term of receivables and other assets, — For the exclusion of fractional would be entitled as shareholders upon
obligations. Deferred tax assets were determined and their relationship to other balance sheet items, shares from subscription rights. exercise of the relevant option or conver-
using assumed tax rates of 10.85% and 15.83% is shown in the Schedule of Receivables included as sion right or fulfillment of option or conver-
respectively. As in the prior fiscal year, the Com- Attachment 2. — In the case of capital increases against sion obligation, or following any right to
pany exercised its elective right under sec. 274 of non-cash contributions for the issu- substitute which the Company may have.
the Commercial Code regarding the recognition of Shareholders Equity ance and granting of shares as conside-
deferred tax assets and thus no deferred tax assets ration for the purchase of companies, — For the granting of shares issued in lieu of
were recognized for the fiscal year. Information required per sec. 160 of the Stock parts of companies, equity interests in cash dividends (scrip dividends), whereby
Corporation Act companies, or other assets or rights. shareholders are offered the option of contri-
Provisions buting their dividend entitlement (in whole or
Number of shares outstanding — In the case of capital increases made against in part) to the Company as a contribution in
The provisions take into account all uncertain The Company has registered capital (Grundkapital) cash contributions, provided that the issuance kind against the granting of new shares from
obligations and all identifiable risks. These are of € 17,664,427.00, which is divided into 17,664,427 price of the new shares is not significantly approved capital.
stated at the amount required for their fulfillment bearer shares without par value. lower than the stock exchange price at the
using prudent business judgment, including future time that the issuance price is determined and The Executive Board is authorized, subject to the
increases in prices and costs. Provisions due after By official entry into the Company’s commercial that the new shares issued under exclusion of approval of the Supervisory Board, to determine
more than one year are discounted from the time register on February 8, 2024, the Company’s subscription rights pursuant to sec. 186 para. further details regarding the specific implementa-
of their expected fulfillment at the average market registered capital was increased by € 1,603,877.00 3 sentence 4 of the Stock Corporation Act tion of any such capital increase and issuance of
interest rate over the past seven fiscal years. through a partial utilization of the Approved Capital do not exceed 10% of the Company’s share new shares, including the issuance price, as well as
2023. The shares were issued through a private capital, either at the time of entry into effect or regarding the rights of shareholders thereunder. The
Liabilities placement. The capital increase took place at an at the time of exercise. The calculation of this Supervisory Board is further authorized to amend
issuance price of € 51.65 per share. 10% limit shall include (a) any shares which are the Company’s Articles of Incorporation to reflect
Liabilities are stated at the amount required for issued or sold during the term of this autho- any such increase in registered capital and corre-
their fulfillment. rization under an exclusion of subscription sponding decrease in Approved Capital 2023 in
rights through the direct application of, and the event of any such full or partial utilization of the
in accordance with, sec. 186 para. 3 sentence Approved Capital 2023 or in the event of its expiry.