Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 111
Staff and process risks
ensure the health and safety of staff also serve to
mitigate the risks and consequences of employee
The expertise and many years of experience of its
absences, which may affect not only production or
employees are key pillars of Formycon’s success. In
business functions but also employee perception
particular, the development of a biosimilar drug,
and thus the potential to impact employee satisfac-
from early-stage analysis through to regulatory ap-
tion or turnover. In addition to the company’s bio-
proval, requires highly qualified specialists. In re-
logical safety officer, designated project manager
cent years, Formycon has been able to further
as required under the German Genetic Engineering
strengthen and develop its team of highly qualified
Act (Gentechnikgesetz) and trained safety special-
scientists and managers. Despite the previously de-
ist, Formycon has designated several other experi-
scribed staff reductions during the reporting period,
enced employees with specific responsibilities in
overall staff turnover remains relatively low, under-
the area of workplace safety and protection. A
scoring Formycon’s attractiveness as an employer
company doctor regularly conducts preventive ex-
and the generally high level of employee satisfac-
aminations and advises employees as well as the
tion. The loss of key staff, particularly with critical
Management Board on medical matters. Formycon
knowledge and expertise, would constitute a signif-
holds all permits and approvals required for its op-
icant risk. To keep this risk as low as possible, the
erations. Compliance with all regulatory require-
Group has implemented a number of staff motiva-
ments regarded safety and the protection of em-
tion and retention initiatives, along with talent plan-
ployees and the environment is monitored inter-
ning to ensure that future succession is in place. In
nally on an ongoing basis. Moreover, the Group
addition, the risk of staff absences due to illness
constantly seeks out new opportunities to further
must be recognized. Formycon has, for this reason,
protect the health and safety of its staff. As an ex-
established a health management system that aims
ample, Formycon recently obtained certification of
to reduce such absences, in particular through pre-
its company health management system.
vention.
Information and technology risks
Legal and compliance risks
Formycon’s operating activities depend upon the
Formycon does business in a competitive interna-
proper functioning of its laboratories and IT infra-
tional environment and in highly regulated markets.
structure. Various risks can be identified which
There is thus the possibility that Formycon could be
might impair or interrupt the availability of these
drawn into legal disputes which might even be un-
critical resources, temporarily or even over an ex-
justified or frivolous, which could, for example, be
tended period. To the extent possible, the financial
based upon patent law, competitive or antitrust law,
risks which might result from such events are in-
tax law or environmental law, or arising from agree-
sured. In addition, Formycon employs modern tech-
ments or other contractual claims. Moreover, the
nologies and established processes to eliminate or
possibility cannot be excluded that such legal ac-
mitigate the risks cyberattacks or other potential
tions might, whether through court judgements,
data loss. The Group also regularly conducts
binding arbitration or regulatory or other official de-
maintenance and inspections of its critical equip-
cisions, result in financial burdens which are, for ex-
ment by trained personnel or specialized service
ample, not covered by insurance or only partially in-
providers, making changes to equipment as neces-
sured.
sary to ensure that it remains at the state of the art.
The uplisting of Formycon AG in2024 had the ef-
Rigorous compliance with laws and regulations re-
fect of increasing regulatory obligations, along with
lating to information security and data protection
the potential for penalties or other legal conse-
serves not only to protect operational activities but
quences in the event of failure to comply with these
also to preclude legal penalties. These risks are
obligations.
closely monitored by Formycon.