Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 113
Opportunities
Formycon’s core business is the development of required, the level of competition in the area of bio-
high-quality biosimilar medicines for the world’s similar development is, with few exceptions, gener-
most stringently regulated markets. In this global ally modest compared to the market for generic
market, Formycon seeks growth through the ex- drugs. Formycon is able to overcome these consid-
pansion of its product portfolio, not only in terms of erable barriers through the long and proven experi-
the number of biosimilar candidates under devel- ence of its staff, the innovative concepts and the re-
opment but also, and at least as importantly, liability of the scientific processes which Formycon
through their quality and the market opportunity applies for its biosimilar development projects, the
which they represent. Possible strategic collabora- stringent selection of strong and reliable partners,
tions may significantly contribute toward maximiz- the Group’s high degree of integration along with
ing these opportunities. its agility, and finally the quality and scientific exper-
tise of the service providers and advisors on which
Biosimilar medicines have the advantage over their Formycon additionally relies.
reference products of more cost-effective develop-
ment because of procedures which are already sci- The increasing reach of the availability of biosimi-
entifically proven and development processes lars to previously underserved populations, particu-
which are largely well established. Because the larly in emerging and developing countries, opens
similarity and comparability of a biosimilar to its ref- up additional market potential and could, in the
erence product must already be demonstrated ana- Company’s view, contribute to sustainable revenue
lytically, the likelihood that the development of the and earnings growth. At the same time, rising cost
biosimilar will fail in one of the subsequent clinical pressures on public healthcare systems in estab-
phases is generally far lower than in the case of in- lished markets are driving increased demand for
novative biopharmaceuticals. cost-effective treatment alternatives, creating fur-
ther market opportunities for biosimilars and thus
The agreement with the FDA to waive a Phase III specifically for Formycon.
clinical trial for FYB206 not only represents signifi-
cant financial and time savings for this biosimilar In addition, Formycon’s corporate culture – which is
candidate but also opens up the opportunity to im- based on trust, innovation, operational excellence,
plement an optimized clinical strategy without performance orientation, and diversity, along with
Phase III trials for other Formycon biosimilar candi- the availability of highly qualified, specialized and
dates. This would significantly reduce development motivated employees – represents a significant
times and project costs. More broadly, there are in- source of competitive advantage. This culture, and
dications that the regulatory authorities are funda- the competitive advantages which it brings, should
mentally reevaluating the need for Phase III efficacy serve to facilitate the efficient implementation of
trials for the approval of biosimilars. Shorter devel- development and marketing projects and the timely
opment timelines and lower development costs attainment of results which meet the highest quality
could result in more biosimilar candidates being standards.
brought to market in less time.
Within this core business area and market,
Due to the comparatively high barriers to market Formycon sees no change in its favorable future
entry, in particular the complexity of producing bio- outlook.
pharmaceuticals and the specialized expertise