Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 105
Risks
Strategic risks projects, as they stand right now, can be reasona-
bly assumed.
Compared to the development of an entirely new
biopharmaceutical, the financial investment re-
Nevertheless, the possibility of a competitive situa-
quired for the development of a biosimilar drug is
tion cannot be ruled out in which the rate of market
considerably less but nevertheless significant. The
penetration, targeted volume of products sold
development of a biosimilar may cost in the range
and/or realizable product unit prices might be lower
of US$ 150 to 300 million per product, requiring
than anticipated, with correspondingly negative ef-
cost-intensive analytical, preclinical and clinical
fects on revenue and earnings contributions.
studies to demonstrate its comparability to the ref-
erence product in terms of quality, safety and effi-
Operational and project risks associated
cacy. Because of these complex requirements, the
with the development of biosimilars
development of a biosimilar also requires a rela-
tively long development timeframe of seven to ten The quality, comparability, efficacy and safety of a
years until application for regulatory approval in the biosimilar medicine must be comprehensively
world’s highly regulated markets. demonstrated to the regulatory authorities through
analytical and preclinical studies along with clinical
trials. Both the planning and implementation of any
The prospects for the future commercial success of
individual stage of product development could po-
a biosimilar development project are largely deter-
tentially entail delays which are generally not pre-
mined by the selection of product candidates at the
dictable and which, in turn, would result in higher
start of the process. With its FYB201 and FYB203
costs. There is, moreover, the risk that final regula-
projects, Formycon is focusing on ophthalmic prep-
tory approval of a biosimilar candidate might take
arations, while its FYB202 project is targeted at im-
longer than planned, or that the drug might not be
munological disorders and FYB206 at immuno-on-
approved at all.
cological disorders.
In its biosimilar development work, Formycon relies
The future size and growth trajectory of these mar-
in part upon external partners. Should an external
kets may be derived from existing sales statistics
partner fail to provide the required resources, or fail
for the respective reference products. Declining
to provide them within the required timeframe, or
sales of a reference product could result in a poten-
should the timeframe in which such resources are
tial future market size for a biosimilar under devel-
made available be shifted for other reasons, this
opment by Formycon which is significantly smaller
could lead to delays in the Group’s development
than originally assumed. This could, in the worst
projects.
case, lead to future product sales inadequate to
make the biosimilar development effort profitable
and thus termination of the project. In such case, With this in mind, Formycon plans all steps of prod-
the anticipated future income would not be real- uct development with the greatest possible care
ized. With its biosimilar candidates, Formycon is tar- and, to the extent feasible, with reasonable time al-
geting established high-revenue biopharmaceutical lowances – derived from our own experience – for
products. Provided that their development reaches delays that might arise. Preclinical and clinical stud-
successful completion, the profitability of these ies as well as the extensive program of analytical