Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 135
The Management Board conducts the business of a member appointed by the Chair, or otherwise by
the Company with the due care of a prudent and the most senior member present.
conscientious manager in accordance with the ap-
plicable laws, the Companies Articles of Associa- Board resolutions are typically adopted during
tion, the Rules of Procedure for the Management meetings. However, upon request by an Manage-
Board and the respective service agreements. It ment Board member, meetings can also be con-
works closely and in a relationship of trust with the ducted via telephone conference or other elec-
Supervisory Board and the employees in the best tronic communication means (in particular video
interests of the Company and the Group. conferencing), allowing individual Board members
to join by phone or other electronic means if no
The Management Board members share overall re- member promptly objects to this approach. In such
sponsibility for managing the Company’s affairs. cases, resolutions can be made via telephone con-
The rules of procedure for the Management Board ference or through other electronic communication
specify certain matters of particular importance and methods. Resolutions can also be adopted outside
significance that require a decision by the entire of meeting – in written, verbal, telephonic, email, or
Management Board. Notwithstanding the overall other electronic formats, or any combination
responsibility, each member independently man- thereof – as well as in combination with meetings,
ages the business area assigned to them according provided a member requests it and no other mem-
to the rules of procedure. The management of all ber promptly objects to this procedure. Any Man-
business areas is uniformly oriented towards the agement Board member who did not participate in
objectives established by the Management Board’s such a decision-making process should be
resolutions. Each Management Board member promptly informed about the resolutions made.
must always subordinate their area-specific inter- Minutes of the Management Board's resolutions
ests to the success and well-being of the Company and meetings should be recorded and signed by
and the Group. the chair of the respective meeting or, for resolu-
tions outside of meetings, by the Chair of the Man-
The Management Board members work collegially, agement Board.
continuously informing each other and particularly
the Chair of the Management Board about signifi- The Management Board has a quorum if all mem-
cant actions, events, intentions, and any special bers have been properly invited and at least half of
risks or impending losses. Any Management Board its members participate in the resolution. Resolu-
member can request information about specific tions should ideally be unanimous. If unanimity can-
business matters from another member at any time, not be achieved, resolutions are passed by a sim-
concerning the relevant member’s area. The Chair ple majority of the participating members, unless
of the Management Board coordinates the content the law specifies otherwise.
of the business areas and is responsible for the in-
ternal oversight of each area, ensuring that the Any Management Board member may propose that
management aligns with the Management Board’s non-members be included in discussions on spe-
goals and plans. cific matters, provided there is no objection from
the entire Management Board.
The Management Board typically meets every two
weeks. Meetings must be held if the Company’s in-
terest requires it or if a Management Board mem-
ber requests a meeting, specifying the topic for dis-
cussion. The Chair of the Management Board con-
venes and chairs the meetings unless regular meet-
ings are scheduled. If the Chair and, if appointed,
its deputy cannot attend, the meeting is chaired by