Reference market1 for Formycon’s announced biosimilar
pipeline (including both products on market)
while also differentiating Formycon in the market. A balanced and socially responsible business
model
Blockbuster candidates with large market sizes and
large profit potential, such as Formycon’s biosimi- By balancing blockbuster and niche development
lar candidates FYB208 (dupilumab) and FYB206 opportunities, Formycon is able to construct a
(pembrolizumab), form the backbone of the de- robust and balanced product portfolio combining
velopment pipeline. These projects offer outsized sustainable long-term growth with diversification
revenue opportunity and a high-profile competitive of target markets and market-specific risks. At the
position in the global biosimilars market. These are same time, Formycon is able, by offering its biosimi-
complemented by carefully selected projects for lars around the world, to make a significant con-
niche busters,2 meaning biosimilars for less com- tribution to improving patient access to treatment
mon indications, with a global market size which is with high-quality biologics while easing the cost
smaller but nonetheless attractive – and with the burden which is straining the world’s healthcare
advantage of less competition than typically the systems.
case with biosimilars for high-profile blockbusters.
With less pricing pressure from competing biosimi- With three approved biosimilars, two of which are
lars, the price of the future biosimilar is expected to already successfully established in the market, and
be more stable and thus more predictable. five further candidates in various stages of develop-
ment, Formycon has a strong pipeline already in
place, with a strong conceptual foundation based
on this intelligent portfolio strategy. In combination
with Formycon’s scientific excellence, rational busi-
ness thinking and cost management, and sense of
social responsibility, it forms the corporate philoso-
phy which is guiding Formycon into the future.
5202 4202 3202 2202 1202 0202
50
40
30
20
10
0
0,46 5.46
7.85
7.15
1.54
5.73
#fyb4Growth — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 52
UbnS$
UbnS$
Ranibizumab
UbnS$
Ustekinumab
Aflibercept
UbnS$
Pembrolizumab
UbnS$
Dupilumab
UbnS$
1 Annual sales of the reference drug represent only the market size of the 2 We define a “niche buster” as a drug for a niche indication with global
reference drug. Upon market entry by one or more biosimilars, this figure annual sales in the low- to mid-single-digit billions of US$.
reflects only a portion of the total market. This applies to ranibizumab
starting from 2022 and to ustekinumab starting from 2024. In contrast
to the reference drug, sales statistics for biosimilars are not generally
available.