Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 106
characterization take place in close consultation the entry into the commercial register (Han-
with the respective authorities and with assistance delsregister) on August 4, 2025, the merger trans-
and expert advice from outside specialists. Notwith- action was fully completed.
standing this, the results or outcome of any such
study cannot be completely predicted in advance. Formycon manages risks in clinical development
and the conduct of clinical trials through an appro-
It cannot be ruled out that particular stages of a priate industry-standard monitoring and quality
product development program might need to be re- management system, using a risk-based approach
peated, that one or more such studies might not in order to assess and ensure quality and safety
reach successful conclusion, or that a development through all phases of the clinical trial process. This
program might fail in its entirety. Within the scope includes but is not limited to ensuring the protec-
of the Group’s development activities, the produc- tion of clinical trial participants and the accuracy
tion of active ingredients and finished products by and reliability of the clinical trial results. Toward this
third-party producers represents a substantial cost end, predefined checks are regularly carried out
component. It should be specifically noted here, in along the entire clinical investigation process as
the context of risks that might arise, that such pro- part of the risk control system, with particular atten-
duction capacities must typically be planned and tion to relevant aspects of proper medical care, pa-
arranged with lead times of one to two years and tient protection and data integrity. Any liability risks
that, for this reason, short-term changes to the pro- which may nonetheless arise are further managed
ject cycle could result in additional waiting periods through the insurance of participating patients
along with substantial cancellation fees. within the framework of legal requirements. In the
case of clinical trials involving biosimilars, however,
Another risk is that such outside partners might not it should be noted that the risk of harm to partici-
be able to comply with the stringent regulatory re- pating patients or other test subjects can generally
quirements which apply to gaining regulatory ap- be assessed as low because the proteins em-
proval of a biosimilar drug, such as inspections and ployed have been in regular clinical use by the
audits. Should such an event arise, regulatory ap- originator for a number of years and have already
proval could be delayed or completely denied. In become an established therapy for the respective
addition, difficulties arising in the recruitment of pa- indication.
tients for clinical trials, or in the availability of pro-
duction capacity, production components or precur- Although the risk of a loss event occurring has in-
sors, and/or other necessary inputs could have an creased due to a specific case, but it is still consid-
impact on development works or clinical trials, ered to be low or to have only a low potential for
thereby also adversely affecting the timeline and/or damage.
profitability of a drug development project or even
jeopardizing a project in its entirety. As clinical trial sponsor, Formycon AG is, moreover,
obligated to comply with detailed and rigorous reg-
Operational and project risks relating to clinical
ulatory requirements for good clinical practice
trials and to the role of Clinical Research GmbH
(GCP) when conducting clinical trials of medicinal
as clinical trial sponsor
products for human use (GCP Regulation) when
Clinical Research GmbH acted, as a 100% subsidi- conducting trials. ICH-GCP is an internationally rec-
ary of Formycon AG, as the designated sponsor for ognized standard and has an impact on other coun-
clinical trials, specifically for the FYB201, FYB202 tries. It serves to protect patients and ensure the in-
and FYB203 development projects. These have tegrity and accuracy of the data and findings gener-
since been successfully completed and the prod- ated in the studies.The clinical trial sponsor, partici-
ucts have been approved accordingly. Clinical Re- pating study centers and other parties involved in
search GmbH therefore no longer has any relevant the clinical trials process are regularly subject to
function. For this reason, it was decided to merge GCP inspections by local health authorities to
Clinical Research GmbH into Formycon AG. With