Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 122
2026 financial outlook
for Formycon AG
2026 outlook
Key financial performance indicators for Formycon AG
Revenue Medium increase
EBITDA Medium decrease
Working capital Slight decrease
Revenue due to investment activities in advanced-stage
product development.
Unconsolidated revenue generated by the
Formycon AG parent entity from the recharging of Summary statement by Management Board on
development project costs is expected to end the expected future development
year below the prior-year level. On the other hand,
new revenue is to be generated from the FYB206
Formycon is not planning any significant changes
partnership, and thus overall a moderate increase
to its corporate goals or strategy. We aim to con-
in revenue is expected.
tinue expanding our position as a global biophar-
maceutical company with an exclusive focus on bi-
EBITDA osimilars while maintaining our high standards of
performance and quality. To achieve this goal,
Full-year EBITDA is expected to be above the prior- Formycon will continue to invest heavily into the ex-
year level. Projects FYB201, FYB202 and FYB203 pansion and development of our own pipeline and
are expected to be roughly EBITDA-neutral to the in-house capacities so that we will be able to de-
unconsolidated parent company, as expenses in- velop and commercialize new biosimilar products
curred are passed on internally within the Group. on a regular basis.
EBITDA will continue to be impacted by ongoing in-
vestments in other product development efforts,
In parallel with this strategic thrust, Formycon is
particularly into Formycon’s own projects FYB207,
pursuing an organizational growth strategy so that
FYB208, FYB209 and FYB210. Operating earnings
we have the resources to compete as a leading
from the FYB201 project are received through the
and sustainably profitable company within the bio-
profit transfer agreement with Formycon Project
similars market. In order to achieve this strategic vi-
201 GmbH and thus fall outside the scope of
sion, the Executive Board is open to considering fu-
EBITDA. Operating earnings from the FYB202 pro-
ture strategic cooperation arrangements and inte-
ject are reported as investment income from
gration in selected areas of the manufacturing pro-
FYB202 Project GmbH and are thus likewise ex-
cess as well as to potentially building Formycon’s
cluded from parent-level EBITDA. own commercialization capabilities in certain geog-
raphies. Over both the short and long term, our
Working capital
management focus will continue to be on opera-
tional excellence and on the generation of stable
In addition to the working capital effects of normal
cash flows.
operations and earnings, a decrease is expected