Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 172
7. Operating segments the fiscal year (and in the preceding fiscal year)
mostly all revenues were generated from Athos-
Basis for segmentation
Group companies (FYB203 operating segment rev-
The Group’s segments are defined on the basis of enue), from Bioeq AG, which is under joint control
the so-called “management approach” as required (FYB201 operating segment revenue), and from
by IFRS 8 (“Operating Segments”). Accordingly, the Fresenius Kabi (FYB202 operating segment reve-
segments are determined, and the disclosures for nue during the fiscal year) as marketing partner for
each segment made, based on the criteria that the the FYB202 project. New additions at the end of
key decision makers use internally for allocating re- 2025 included revenues from licensing agree-
sources and assessing the profitability of the ments for FYB206 for the North America and MENA
Group’s components. At Formycon, the key deci- regions, including advance payments and initial
sion maker is the Management Board, which allo- milestone payments. Thus, almost all revenue for
cates resources and evaluates segment perfor- the fiscal year was generated from four major cus-
mance on the basis of the management reports tomers.
submitted to it. The following segment reporting
was prepared in accordance with this definition. In 8. Revenue
evaluating the performance of the Group’s busi-
Revenue streams
ness segments, the Management Board relies upon
operating profit/loss as the primary measure of During the period, Formycon generated revenue
profitability. from development services, advance payments,
and revenue shares from the its partnered develop-
The Management Board monitors and directs activ- ment projects FYB201, FYB202, FYB203, and
ities at the level of the Group’s individual develop- FYB206. These costs include not only product de-
ment projects. Project progress, operational perfor- velopment costs but also costs incurred for the
mance and financial performance are reported on a management of clinical studies.
regular basis along with a deviation analysis from
the approved plan for each project. The Group’s In addition, since the market launch of FYB201 and
development projects thus also represent the FYB202 in various regions around the world, such
Group’s reportable segments. as the US, EU, UK and MENA, Formycon began
generating revenue through license income from
The business activity of all segments is biopharma- the granting of exclusive or semi-exclusive market-
ceutical development. In all cases, the products in- ing rights. During the reporting period, FYB201 gen-
volved are biosimilars, meaning that the operating erated total revenue of € 4,965 thousand (previous
activities within the segments do not differ signifi- year: € 17,293 thousand). FYB201 generates reve-
cantly. For the purposes of internal reporting, al- nue from exclusive licensing income from the grant-
most all of the Group’s costs are allocated to the in- ing of exclusive marketing rights to Bioeq AG in
dividual projects. Zug, Switzerland. For the product FYB202, total
revenue of € 11,992 thousand (previous year:
The income and expenses that could not allocated € 34,683 thousand) was recorded in 2025, derived
to the reportable segments primarily comprise from licensing fees and royalties. FYB203 gener-
costs that are not allocated to the operating seg- ated total revenue of € 10,077 thousand in the re-
ments in the internal reporting, effects related to porting year (previous year: € 17,676 thousand), pri-
the ‘Nordic Bond‘, and activities relating to other marily from development services. The FYB206
projects that are not reported separately and are product generated total revenue of € 17,211 thou-
included within ‘remaining amount‘. sand in 2025 (previous year: € 0 thousand), with
the majority resulting from licensing revenue.
The Group’s business activities take place exclu-
sively from companies based in Germany. During