Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 167
— contract assets. — the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obliga-
tions to the Group in full, without recourse by
The Group also recognizes loss allowances for the Group to actions such as realizing security
ECLs on other receivables. (if any is held); or
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount — the financial asset is more than 180 days past
equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, due.
which are measured at 12-month ECLs:
The Group considers a debt security to have low
— debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk when its credit risk rating is equivalent to
credit risk at the reporting date, and the globally understood definition of “investment
grade”. The Group considers this to be an S&P rat-
ing of BBB or higher. Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs
— other debt securities and bank balances for
that result from all possible default events over the
which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occur-
expected life of a financial instrument. 12-month
ring over the expected life of the financial in-
ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from de-
strument) has not increased significantly since
fault events that are possible within the 12 months
initial recognition
after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
expected life of the instrument is less than 12
In the case of trade receivables and contract as-
months). The maximum period considered when
sets, valuation allowances reflect the amount of the
estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
expected credit loss over the term.
over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.
In determining whether the credit risk of a financial
Non-financial assets
asset has increased significantly since initial recog-
nition and in estimating expected credit losses, the
The book value of the Group’s non-financial assets,
Group considers reasonable and reliable infor-
other than inventories and deferred tax assets, is
mation which is both relevant and available, includ-
reviewed at each reporting date to determine
ing quantitative as well as qualitative information. In
whether there is any indication of impairment.
addition to well-founded estimates based on analy-
Should this be the case, an estimate is made of the
sis, including forward-looking assessments, the
asset’s recoverable amount. Goodwill and intangi-
Group also considers its own past experience.
ble assets with an indefinite useful life as well as
Should a financial asset be overdue by more than
unfinished internally generated intangible assets
30 days, the Group assumes that its credit risk has
(capitalized development costs) are tested annually
increased significantly. Due to the company’s cus-
for impairment.
tomer structure and contractually agreed payment
terms, there have to date been no such delays.
In testing for impairment, assets are grouped into
the smallest groupings of assets that generate cash
Due to the small number of contract counterparties,
inflows from continued use that are as independent
the Group assesses each of these with whom there
as possible of cash inflows from other assets or
is significant contract exposure through an assess-
cash-generating units (CGUs). Goodwill acquired in
ment of each individual portfolio. In each existing
a business combination is allocated to the CGU(s),
case, the Group has assessed the risk of default as
or group(s) of CGUs, expected to benefit from the
extremely low. Thus, subject to materiality consider-
synergies of the combination.
ations, no value adjustments are currently recog-
nized.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the
higher of its value in use and its fair value less dis-
The Group considers a financial asset to be in de-
posal costs. In assessing value in use, the esti-
fault when:
mated future cash flows are discounted to their