Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 145
Colin Bond and Dr. Bodo Coldewey have the nec- The results of the self-assessment were discussed
essary expertise in the areas of auditing and ac- at the first regular meeting of the Supervisory
counting (as previously mentioned under section 2). Board following the completion of the assessment,
and possible improvements were considered.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
6. Share transactions by members of
the Executive Board and the
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee pre-
Supervisory Board
pares the Supervisory Board's proposals to the An-
nual General Meeting for the election of Supervi-
Pursuant to Article 19 of Regulation (EU) No.
sory Board members and nominates suitable candi-
596/2014 of the European Parliament and Council
dates to the Supervisory Board.
of April 16, 2014, on market abuse (Market Abuse
Regulation), members of the Management Board
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is
and the Supervisory Board are legally required to
also responsible for preparing the Supervisory
disclose transactions with shares of the Company
Board's decisions on the selection, appointment,
or related derivatives or other financial instruments
dismissal, and remuneration of Management Board
if the total amount of transactions by the member
members, as well as the conclusion, amendment,
or a person closely associated with them reaches
and termination of their service contracts.
or exceeds EUR 20,000.00 (as of January 1, 2026:
EUR 50,000.00) within a calendar year. Transac-
As of December 31, 2025, the Nomination and tions reported to the Company in the fiscal year
Compensation Remuneration was composed of: 2025 were duly published and are available on the
Company’s website at
— Nicholas Haggar (Chair), https://www.formycon.com/en/investor-rela-
tions/directors-dealings/.
— Wolfgang Essler (Deputy Chair) and
7. Transparency and communication
— Colin Bond.
To ensure maximum transparency and equality of
information, the Company is committed to compre-
Working methods
hensive, equal, and timely communication with its
shareholders and the public. The schedule for reg-
The rules of procedure for the Supervisory Board
ular financial reporting and other significant events,
contain provisions on the procedure of the commit-
such as the Annual General Meeting, can be found
tees. In all other respects, the provisions of the
in the financial calendar. All annual and quarterly re-
rules of procedure relating to the working methods
ports, ad-hoc announcements, press releases, and
of the Supervisory Board apply accordingly to the
notifiable changes in voting rights are available on
committees, unless the Supervisory Board decided
the Company’s website in both German and Eng-
otherwise for a specific committee.
lish. Additionally, the website offers information on
the Articles of Association, the members of the
Self-assessment of the Supervisory Board
Management Board and the Supervisory Board, as
well as upcoming and previous Annual General
The Supervisory Board regularly evaluates its effi- Meetings.
ciency and that of its committees through a self-as-
sessment process. For this purpose, a question-
For the publication of the annual financial state-
naire was distributed to the members of the Super-
ments, the Company holds an analyst and investor
visory Board during the fiscal year 2025, allowing
conference. Following the publication of quarterly
them to provide feedback on the effectiveness of
results, the Company conducts regular earnings
the Supervisory Board and its committees, and to
suggest potential improvements.