Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 126
The Annual General Meeting on June 12, 2024, au- agreement, inter alia, in the event of the direct or
thorized the Management Board, with the consent indirect control of either party by a competitor with
of the Supervisory Board, to acquire up to 10% of respect to FYB202.
the share capital existing at the time of the resolu-
tion or, if lower, at the time of exercising the authori- The Management Board members have a special
zation, while adhering to the principle of equal right of termination if a third party acquires more
treatment until June 11, 2029 (inclusive). The shares than 30% of the voting rights in the Company within
acquired under this authorization, together with the meaning of Section 29, 35 para. 1 sentence 1 of
other treasury shares acquired and held by the the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover
Company, or attributable to the Company under Act (WpÜG) through the acquisition of shares or
Section 71a et seq. AktG, may not exceed 10% of otherwise or if the Company enters into a domina-
the respective share capital at any time. The acqui- tion agreement with another company (so-called
sition may be made through the stock exchange, a change of control). In such cases, each Manage-
public purchase offer to all shareholders, or a pub- ment Board member can terminate its service con-
lic invitation to submit sales offers. The Manage- tract with a notice period of six months to the end
ment Board is authorized, with the Supervisory of a calendar month and will receive as severance:
Board's approval, to use the shares acquired under
this authorization for any legitimate purpose, in-
— the fixed remuneration for the remaining
cluding (i) retiring them without any further resolu-
term of the service contract and the (where
tion by the General Meeting, (ii) conducting a scrip
applicable, pro rata) short-term variable re-
dividend, (iii) offering, promising, and transferring
muneration that would have been payable
them to individuals who are or have been employ-
until the regular end of the service contract,
ees of the Company or an affiliated company under
Section 15 AktG, or to corporate officers under em-
— up to a maximum of two years' remunera-
ployee share plans or other share-based programs,
tion excluding variable remuneration or
(iv) servicing stock options issued under the Stock
fringe benefits and no more than would be
Option Program 2020, (v) offering them to third par-
payable on the basis of the service con-
ties in exchange for non-cash contributions, (vi) sell-
tract for the remaining term of the employ-
ing them to third parties in exchange for cash if the
ment contract.
price is not significantly below the stock market
price, and (vii) fulfilling acquisition obligations or
The remuneration shall become due in a single
rights from convertible bonds, option bonds, profit-
amount upon exercise of this special right of termi-
sharing rights, and/or income bonds (or combina-
nation and shall be inheritable. The short-term vari-
tions of these instruments) with conversion or op-
able remuneration shall be calculated on the basis
tion rights or obligations. The Company did not ac-
of the average amount of the bonus paid to date or,
quire any treasury shares in the fiscal year 2025.
if no bonus has been paid to date, the bonus ex-
pected to be paid in the current financial year.
VIII. Significant agreements of the Company sub-
ject to a change of control due to a takeover offer
In the event of special termination, the Manage-
and compensation agreements concluded with
ment Board member also has the right to demand
members of the Management Board or employ-
the settlement of allocated stock options and re-
ees in the event of a takeover offer
ceive their equivalent value in cash from the Com-
The distribution and license agreement entered pany. Should a third party acquire at least 50% of
into between FYB202 Project GmbH and the voting rights in the Company through the pur-
Formycon AG as contracting companies on the chase of shares or otherwise gain controlling influ-
one side and ratiopharm GmbH as distribution part- ence, each Management Board member or any
ner on the other side, regarding FYB202, provides other holder of stock options has the right to exer-
that each party shall have the right to terminate the cise their allocated stock options early.