To our Shareholder — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 12
allowing us to compete effectively even in price- more efficient approval channels is thus clearly evi-
sensitive markets.” dent. For us, this is a substantial economic oppor-
tunity that we are already actively leveraging.”
Why is early market entry for biosimilars
so important? In fiscal year 2025, three of four key per-
formance indicators – EBITDA, adjusted
Nicola Mikulcik: “Early market entry represents a EBITDA and working capital – performed
significant competitive advantage. Market shares better than originally forecast, while reve-
are typically allocated at the outset, and price lev- nues fell short of guidance. In addition, an
els tend to be more stable during this phase. Com- impairment was recognized. How should
panies entering the market at a later stage phase this development be assessed?
considerably more intense competition and well-es-
tablished structures. Achieving early entry requires Enno Spiller, CFO: “The development of our key
fast development and approval timelines, the es- performance indicators in fiscal year 2025 reflects
tablishment of a flexible supply chain and partners the operational reality of a project-, royalty-, and
willing to assume a certain level of risk in order to milestone-driven business model. The favourable
set the course for timely market entry, even under development of working capital demonstrates that
conditions of uncertainty.” we have managed our cost base and resource allo-
cation with a high degree of discipline while secur-
What impact does the Phase III waiver ing additional liquidity in a timely manner. EBITDA
have on future development projects? was positively impacted by stringent cost manage-
ment, a higher share of capitalized development
costs, and the later timing of certain development
Dr. Andreas Seidl, CSO: “Waiving Phase III efficacy
expenses. Adjusted EBITDA benefited significantly
studies can shorten development timelines by up
from a better-than-expected Investment gain from
to three years and generate substantial cost
our 50% stake in Bioeq AG, which reflects the over-
savings. This makes additional biosimilar projects
all performance of the FYB201 ranibizumab biosimi-
financially viable, including in indications that have
lar and was positively influenced by the partnership
previously been less commercially attractive. At the
with Zydus.
same time, safety, efficacy, and quality remain fully
assured. Market entry nevertheless remains
demanding, as development and manufacturing Revenues below guidance were primarily attributa-
continue to require deep technological expertise ble to three factors: first, timing shifts in the conclu-
and significant investment.” sion of commercialization and development part-
nerships; second, the deferral of milestone pay-
Do you expect similar regulatory develop- ments into fiscal year 2026; and third, a more mod-
ments outside the U.S.? erate than expected increase in royalty income
from product sales of FYB202.
Dr. Andreas Seidl: “Yes. Other regulatory authori-
ties are also moving in this direction. Last year, the In this context, we have adjusted our valuation ap-
EMA published a draft reflection paper that sup- proach and the accounting treatment of FYB202
ports the waiver of Phase III studies under certain accordingly. The U.S. reimbursement landscape —
conditions. Similar guidelines are now also availa- particularly the pharmacy benefit manager (PBM)
ble from the British MHRA and the Canadian au- system — is only gradually opening up to immunol-
thorities. In addition, a new ICH guideline1 address- ogy biosimilars. As a result, short-term market pen-
ing this topic is currently being developed at the etration remains limited, which in turn affects our
global level. The trend towards scientifically sound, medium-term royalty expectations. We have
1 ICH Guidelines (International Council for Harmonisation) are international
standards for harmonizing drug development and approval