Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 193
19. Financial assets for another FDA-approved ranibizumab biosimilar,
FYB201/Nufymco®, for the US and Canada. Follow-
Financial assets consist of loans to companies un- ing the granting of the required Q code, a market
der joint control and the embedded derivative from launch in the US is expected in the course of 2026.
the Nordic Bond. The associated broader market coverage should
open up new growth prospects, particularly
Shareholdings in jointly controlled companies
through a differentiated approach within the com-
plex US reimbursement environment.
During fiscal year 2022, the Group became a 50%
shareholder and co-owner of Bioeq AG (Zug, Swit-
zerland), which is thus jointly controlled by Despite these positive developments, the signifi-
Formycon. The company is accounted for in the cantly reduced price level and updated assump-
consolidated financial statements using the at-eq- tions regarding volumes and margins have led to
uity method. an adjustment of the 2026–2030 medium-term
plan. The expected EBITDA level for this period is
Impairment testing therefore significantly lower than that of the previ-
ous planning period 2025–2029. The main reason
As disclosed in the ad hoc announcement dated
for this is the pricing in connection with the reintro-
February 17, 2025, Bioeq AG was in discussions
duction of FYB201/CIMERLI®. These updated pa-
with its commercialization partner Sandoz AG re-
rameters were taken into account in the impairment
garding the future marketing strategy for
test of the net investment in Bioeq AG.
FYB201/CIMERLI® in the US due to increasing price
pressure among ranibizumab suppliers in the US
Accordingly, an impairment test was carried out in
market. Based on the information available at the
accordance with the provisions of IAS 36. The net
time, Formycon assumed that the marketing of
book value of the investment was determined, in-
FYB201/CIMERLI® would be suspended for around
cluding the net income for the period of
one year from the end of the first quarter of 2025.
€ 1,227 thousand, at € 153,097 thousand. The re-
This assessment was classified as a triggering
coverable amount of the net investment for impair-
event for an impairment test of the net investment
ment testing was determined using value in use
in Bioeq AG. In the course of ongoing consulta-
method and thus at Level 3 of the fair value hierar-
tions, FYB201/CIMERLI® was reintroduced by
chy, with fair value determined on the
Sandoz AG in January 2026, but at a significantly
lower price level than before the marketing pause.
In December 2025, Zydus Lifesciences Limited was
secured as an additional commercialization partner