217
Our conclusions Determining the fair values of the contingent pur-
chase price payments is complex and relies on a
The approach underlying the impairment test for number of judgmental assumptions. These include,
the capitalized development costs for the FYB202 in particular, the long-term decline rate and the
project is appropriate and consistent with valuation planning horizon as key assumptions for determin-
principles. The assumptions and data used by the ing the projected revenues of products FYB201 and
Company are reasonable. The related notes to the FYB202. Similarly, the discount rates used, which
financial statements are appropriate. are based on term-dependent costs of capital, are
subject to judgment.
In fiscal year 2025, competitive intensity in the bio-
Determination of the fair value of the con-
similar market increased significantly in the U.S. for
tingent consideration resulting from the
both the FYB201 product (via Bioeq AG) and the
business combination to acquire the shares
FYB202 product. This leads to significant adjust-
in Bioeq AG (FYB201) and FYB202 Project
ments to the expected price development. Against
GmbH
the backdrop of the reduction in expected sales of
the FYB201 and FYB202 products, the Company
has reduced the fair values of the financial liabilities
For the accounting and valuation principles applied,
related to the contingent purchase price payments
as well as the assumptions used, we refer to Note 6
by EUR 17.4 million.
of the consolidated financial statements. Infor-
mation on the amount of financial liabilities can be
There is a risk to the consolidated financial state-
found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
ments that the fair values have not been deter-
Statements under items 22 and 23. Explanations
mined at an appropriate level. In addition, there is a
regarding the economic development of the
risk that the related notes to the financial state-
FYB202 project can be found in the summary man-
ments are not appropriate.
agement report in the section on the development
of assets, revenue, and earnings.
Our audit approach
Risks related to the financial statements
We obtained an understanding of the Company’s
process for determining fair values through discus-
The financial liabilities from contingent purchase
sions with finance department staff and an assess-
price payments resulting from the acquisition of
ment of the Group’s accounting policies.
shares in Bioeq AG and FYB202 Project GmbH in
fiscal year 2022 amount to EUR 144.3 million as of
With the involvement of our valuation specialists,
December 31, 2025, and, at 20% of total assets,
we assessed, among other things, the appropriate-
represent a significant portion of liabilities.
ness of the Company’s key assumptions and calcu-
lation methods. To this end, we discussed the ex-
As of the balance sheet date, the Company deter-
pected sales of the FYB201 and FYB202 products
mines the fair values of the contingent purchase
with the planning managers. By reconciling these
price payments using the discounted cash flow
figures with other internally available forecasts, e.g.,
method. The starting point for the calculation is the
for tax purposes, and the budget prepared by the
cash inflows from the rights to the FYB201 and
legal representatives, we assessed their internal
FYB202 products held by the respective subsidiar-
consistency. The appropriateness of the assump-
ies and joint ventures, which are determined based
tions was also evaluated against external market
on current plans and have a direct impact on the
assessments. Furthermore, we verified the Com-
amount of the contingent purchase price payments.
pany’s historical forecasting accuracy by comparing