To our Shareholder — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 10
advantage for us and underlines the agility and cre- However, our strategic positioning and the long-
ativity with which Formycon is breaking new term potential of biosimilars remain unchanged. We
ground in product development. are entering 2026 with a clear focus and confi-
dence.
This was further enhanced by the earlier-than-
planned initiation of the clinical pharmacokinetic What strategical factors are decisive for
study for FYB206. Patient recruitment was already Formycon’s long-term success?
completed in mid-2025, securing us a leading com-
petitive position in one of the world’s most com- Dr. Stefan Glombitza: “Our long-term success is
mercially attractive biosimilar opportunities. based on four clearly defined strategic pillars:
The successful out-licensing of FYB206 in North First, geographical diversification. In addition to the
America and the MENA region lays the foundation core markets of Europe and the U.S., we specifi-
for strong commercialization partnerships in these cally address high-growth regions such as the
key markets. MENA region, Sub-Saharan Africa and Latin Amer-
ica – in close partnership with experienced regional
To achieve the operational objectives, it was im- market players.
portant to combine stringent implementation with
innovative approaches: Second, through a balanced selection of candi-
dates, we ensure that we consistently build and ad-
With FYB201 as the first ranibizumab biosimilar dis- vance a smart portfolio to market maturity. Stream-
tributed through a pre-filled syringe, we have set a lined clinical requirements enable more efficient
technological milestone in Europe. The fact that we development and open up opportunities in indica-
were the first biosimilar developer ever to obtain a tions that were previously considered less commer-
second approval for an existing product in the U.S. cially attractive.
confirms our pioneering work in the regulatory
field. For FYB203, we have reached a patent Third, excellence and innovation are at the core of
agreement with the reference drug manufacturer, what we do. Our technological and regulatory ex-
which will enable market entry in 2026 and make pertise positions Formycon as a high-performing
yet another product from our ophthalmic pipeline development powerhouse. Innovative product solu-
accessible to patients worldwide. With the so-called tions and novel regulatory approaches enable us to
"Technical Proof of Similarity" (TpoS), we have differentiate ourselves from the competition.
demonstrated the high analytical comparability of
FYB208 with the reference drug and have thus Fourth, rigorous cost efficiency is an increasingly
successfully entered the next development phase important success factor. Through process optimi-
for this attractive product from our pipeline. zation, regulatory simplifications and the targeted
use of digital technologies, we are sustainably re-
The milestone achievements were not adequately ducing development and production costs and
reflected in the capital market’s response, primarily strengthening our competitiveness.”
due to the challenging environment in the U.S. bio-
similars market. At the beginning of the year, our
What goals have you set for 2026?
announcements regarding the significant impair-
ments on FYB201 and FYB202, as well as the tem-
Dr. Stefan Glombitza: “For the current year, we aim
porary pause in the U.S. commercialization of
to further advance the company strategically and op-
FYB201, also represented challenging news for the
erationally while accelerating the transition to sus-
capital markets.
tained growth and sustainable EBITDA profitability.