Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 108
developments and market reactions are not yet There is significant uncertainty about the extent
foreseeable. In particular, it is currently unclear and duration of disruptions which could directly or
whether and when import tariffs will be established, indirectly arise as a result of these conflicts, as well
at what level they will be set, and what exactly they as their ultimate impact on the global economy.
will apply to. With regard to this issue, the various li- There can therefore be no guarantee that the
cense agreements with Formycon's distribution Group's projects will not experience delays or inter-
partners are structured in different ways. For these ruptions due, for example, to potential resource
reasons, it remains unclear to what extent potential shortages, energy rationing, or other adverse im-
tariffs will affect planned market launches, sales tra- pacts to Formycon’s development projects and the
jectories, and the long-term profitability of individ- costs thereof.
ual development projects.
Overall, it must be recognized that cross-border
The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine business activities around the globe are facing in-
and in Middle East, respectively, have resulted in creased risks due to an increasing number of
price increases over the past years, especially in armed conflicts, threats (e.g. Taiwan), and spread-
the energy markets. Until now, Formycon’s operat- ing nationalism in multiple regions, all of which
ing processes have been only marginally affected. pose risks to Formycon, not only in terms of the
Nevertheless, the risk continues to exist that raw markets for its products but also its procurement
materials, preliminary products and/or services needs.
which are important to Formycon could become
more expensive or potentially even scarce. Industry, market and competitive risks
Formycon strives to mitigate these risks through a
From the standpoint of Formycon, conditions in the
long-term sourcing strategy based upon strategic
healthcare sector remain favorable. As populations
partners and transparent pricing. However, the pos-
continue to age and people around the globe live
sibility cannot be ruled out that delays or interrup-
longer, the need for intensive and costly medical
tions in development projects could occur as a re-
treatments is growing relentlessly, regardless of
sult of a potential scarcity of resources or rationing
economic cycles and consumer purchasing power.
of energy, or that the development costs thereof
could become significantly greater. The recruitment
Moreover, advances in medical technology have
of patients for clinical studies or the conduct of
been enabling the treatment of diseases which a
such studies could also be significantly impacted
few decades or even years ago were regarded as
by the conflict in Eastern Europe, which could have
untreatable or only poorly treatable. Biopharmaceu-
the effects of increasing competition for participat-
ticals, in particular, have been a significant driver of
ing study patients, of delaying clinical studies, or of
these treatment advances. Of the world’s best-sell-
otherwise increasing costs.
ing drugs, most are biopharmaceuticals. Specifi-
cally within Germany, biopharmaceuticals com-
The Middle East conflict has meanwhile escalated.
prised 36% of the total drug market in 2024, corre-
It now affects the entire region between Israel and
sponding to some € 23 billion in sales revenue –
Iran, with repercussions extending into neighboring
and the trend is continuing upward.92 93
countries. A further continuation of the armed con-
flict could negatively impact the global economy
At the same time, however, the high cost of these
through, among other consequences, rising oil
powerful treatments, which in some cases may ex-
prices and disruptions along transport routes. This
ceed € 100,000 per patient per year, is a major
could have an impact on all of the sales markets for
Formycon’s biosimilars.
92 Unaudited information 93 Source: IQVIA – https://www.iqvia.com/de-de/locations/germany/li-
brary/publications/trends-und-entwicklungen-im-deutschen-biophar-
mazeutika-markt-q4-2024