Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 160
The transaction price of the contract is allocated to the awards. The amount recognized as an expense
the respective individual performance obligations is adjusted to reflect the number of granted shares
based upon their individual values. Development for which the related service and non-market per-
services are valued using cost plus an appropriate formance conditions are expected to be met, such
margin as well as residual value considerations. that the amount ultimately recognized is based on
The license is granted on the basis of theresidual the number of granted shares that meet the related
value considerations if the individual values are not service and non-market performance conditions at
observable. the vesting date. In the case of share-based pay-
ments with non-vesting conditions, the fair value of
Specific conditions may be attached to Milestones the share-based payment as of the grant date is
and Upfront payments. The assessment of the ful- measured to reflect such conditions, but with no
fillment of such conditions has an impact on the subsequent true-up for differences between ex-
revenue recognized. Currently the fulfillment of pected and actual outcomes. If a share-based pay-
such conditions is assessed to be highly probable. ment involves equity-settled compensation, the
Once product sales are generated, license reve- vesting conditions are market-independent and the
nues become due and payable to the Group with valuation is updated at each reporting date. Further
relatively short payment terms. explanation may be found under Note 14.
In addition, the group generates revenues from the Cash-settled share-based compensation
sale of products and materials from the develop-
ment process for further use by the respective li- The fair value of amounts payable to employees
cence holder and from the sale of finished products under cash-settled stock appreciation rights (SARs)
to marketing partners. Revenues are recognized at is recognized as an expense with a corresponding
the time of the transfer of risk to the respective cus- increase in liabilities, beginning with the period dur-
tomer. ing which the respective employees become un-
conditionally entitled to payment. The liability is re-
measured at each reporting date and at the settle-
All payments are to be made by the customer
ment (payout) date based upon the fair value of the
within current payment terms.
SARs. Any changes in the liability are recognized in
profit or loss. Further explanation may be found un-
Employee benefits
der Note 14.
Short-term employee benefits
Defined contribution plans
Short-term employee benefit obligations are ex-
Obligations to make contributions to defined contri-
pensed as the employee performs the related work
bution plans are expensed as the employee per-
services. In cases where the Group has an obliga-
forms the related work services. Prepaid contribu-
tion to pay a future amount as a result of service
tions are recognized as an asset to the extent that
rendered by the employee, whether legally binding
there is a right to a refund of, or reduction in, future
or constructive, and where the obligation can be re-
payments.
liably estimated, a liability is recognized for the
amount expected to be paid.
Government grants
Equity-settled share-based compensation
Government grants to fund the future purchase of
assets are initially recognized as deferred income
Share-based compensation payments to employ-
at fair value if there is reasonable assurance that
ees settled by the physical delivery of shares are
they will be received and that the Group will meet
recognized as an expense in the amount of their
the conditions attached to the grant. Once such
fair value upon the grant date, with a correspond-
government grant is actually used to fund the
ing increase in equity, over the vesting period of