Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 103
Report on risks and
opportunities
Risk strategy and policies
Risk management is a cornerstone of Formycon
Group’s governance, ensuring compliance not only
The effective management of risks and opportuni-
with legal and regulatory requirements but also
ties is an essential part of Formycon’s corporate
with general principles of sound corporate govern-
management, serving to ensure that the company
ance. Regular bottom-up reporting from all depart-
is able not only to realize its currently existing po-
mental areas is utilized to identify and analyze risks
tential as successfully as possible but also to max-
to the company wherever these may exist along
imize its future business and financial potential.
the value chain, and wherever possible to mitigate
Formycon understands risks as both internal and
them, with the aim of preventing these risks from
external events that could potentially have a nega-
occurring in the first place or, if this is not possible,
tive impact on the achievement of its business ob-
to proactively manage the consequences in the
jectives and forecasts. Working within the overall
event that the risk nonetheless materializes. The fo-
risk level which we consider justifiable and appro-
cus is first and foremost upon those risks that could
priate, the Management Board then decides which
have a significant adverse impact on business ac-
specific risks Formycon should accept in order to
tivities or even jeopardize the Group’s continued
take best advantage of the available opportunities.
existence.
Formycon’s goal is to identify risks as early and pro-
actively as possible, to assess them appropriately,
and to mitigate or completely avoid them by taking In 2024, Formycon established a new bottom-up
suitable actions. The risk strategy, which encom- risk reporting process to broaden and strengthen
passes Formycon’s entire scope of activities, is reg- its system for the early detection of risks so that the
ularly reviewed by the Management Board and fur- company is able to gather risk-related information
ther developed as necessary. The Management more rapidly and in a more structured manner.
Board has approved Formycon’s risk policy as a
framework for all relevant risk management activi- On this basis, risk reports are prepared and pre-
ties and actions within Formycon’s enterprise risk sented twice each year to the Management Board,
management (ERM). which examines identified risks and possible addi-
tional routes of action to mitigate them. The Man-
Risk management system agement Board, in turn, reports its findings to the
Supervisory Board.
Formycon, one of the few independent developers
of biosimilars, operates in a dynamic global market
In parallel with these ongoing risk monitoring pro-
with many different participants and influencers.
cesses, the Group may also identify and report spe-
Business success is determined by the identifica-
cial short-term risks that could require prompt ac-
tion of profit opportunities, along with an effective
tion so that effective and timely countermeasures
system for the best possible assessment of the
may be put in place as necessary.
many and varied risks associated with these. Regu-
lar reviews of this system further ensure that it is
The risk management system specifically encom-
constantly improved and that, as circumstances
passes the following risk areas, which are further
change, changes are likewise made to the system
described in the following sections: strategic risks,
promptly and in accordance with evolving needs.
operational risks, project risks, patent and other IP