To our Shareholder — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 20
The financial statement documents with the audit the other members of the Supervisory Board. Wolf-
reports of the auditor, including the audit opinion gang Essler agreed to the resolution being passed
on the remuneration report, were sent to the Super- by the other members of the Supervisory Board.
visory Board members in a timely manner. They Furthermore, no conflicts of interest were reported
were thoroughly reviewed and discussed, particu- in fiscal year 2025.
larly in terms of legality and correctness, in the
presence of the auditor during the Audit Committee Change in the composition of the Management
meeting on April 21, 2026, and during the Supervi- Board
sory Board meeting on April 21, 2026, both held at
the Company's business premises. The auditor re-
There were no changes to the composition of the
ported on the key findings of the audit, the estab-
Management Board in the fiscal year 2025.
lished audit focus areas, as well as the key audit
matters described in the respective audit opinion, Thanks for dedicated services
and the related audit procedures. The Management
On behalf of the entire Supervisory Board, I would
Board and the auditor were available to the Audit
like to thank the members of the Management
Committee and the Supervisory Board for further
questions and additional information. After thor- Board for their excellent cooperation and success-
ful management of the Company in the past chal-
ough discussion, the Audit Committee decided to
lenging fiscal year.
recommend to the Supervisory Board that it ap-
proves the financial statement documents.
We would also like to thank our employees for their
The Supervisory Board agreed with the audit re- extraordinary commitment and outstanding perfor-
mance. Thanks to their efforts, Formycon AG's pipe-
sults. Based on the final results of its review, the Su-
line has continued to mature and expand, and vari-
pervisory Board found no grounds for objection. In
line with the recommendations of the Audit Com- ous important milestones have been reached.
mittee, the Supervisory Board approved the uncon-
solidated financial statements and the consolidated We would also like to thank our partners, who have
financial statements for the fiscal year 2025, as well also made a significant contribution to the success
as the combined management report of the Com- of our company.
pany and the Group, in its meeting on April 21,
2026; thus, the unconsolidated financial statements Munich, April, 2026
for the fiscal year 2025 were adopted.
Conflicts of interest in the Supervisory Board and
Management Board
Wolfgang Essler
The Chair of the Supervisory Board, Wolfgang Ess- Chair of Supervisory Board
ler, is managing director of Santo Holding (Deutsch-
land) GmbH, a 100 % subsidiary of ATHOS KG. Due
to a potential conflict of interest arising from this
function, Wolfgang Essler did not participate in the
resolution regarding the conclusion of a service
agreement between the Company and Klinge
Pharma GmbH, nor in the resolution concerning the
conclusion of a service agreement between the
Company and Aristo Pharma GmbH; Klinge Pharma
GmbH and Aristo Pharma GmbH are indirect
wholly-owned subsidiaries of ATHOS KG. Wolfgang
Essler disclosed the potential conflict of interest to