Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 169
— amounts expected to be payable under a resid- Measurement of fair value
ual value guarantee; and/or
Fair value is the price at which an asset would, as
— the exercise price under a purchase option that of the measurement date, be sold, or a liability
the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, transferred, in an orderly transaction on the rele-
lease payments in an optional lease extension vant principal market or, if none exists, in the most
period if the Group is reasonably certain to ex- advantageous market to which the Group has ac-
ercise the lease extension option, and penal- cess at that time. The fair value of a liability reflects
ties for early termination of a lease unless the the risk of non-performance (credit risk).
Group is reasonably certain not to terminate
early. A number of the Group’s accounting policies and
disclosures require the measurement of fair values,
The lease liability is measured at amortized cost us- for both financial and non-financial assets and liabil-
ing the effective interest method. It is remeasured ities.
when there is a change in future lease payments
arising from a change in an index or rate; if there is Where a quoted price in an active market is availa-
a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount ex- ble, the Group determines the fair value of a finan-
pected to be payable under a residual value guar- cial instrument on the basis thereof. A market is
antee; if the Group changes its assessment of considered active when transactions for the rele-
whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or vant asset or liability occur and are reported with
termination option; or if there is a change in the sufficient frequency and volume to provide market
amount of a de facto fixed lease payment. price information on an ongoing basis.
Should the lease liability be remeasured in this way, If there is no quoted price in an active market, the
a corresponding adjustment is made to the book Group uses valuation techniques that maximize the
value of the right-of-use asset, or if the book value use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the
of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero, use of unobservable inputs. The chosen valuation
it is recognized in profit or loss. technique incorporates all factors which market
participants would normally consider when pricing
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets the asset or liability.
The Group has elected not to recognize right-of-
use assets and corresponding lease liabilities for
leases of low-value assets and short-term leases,
including IT equipment. The Group recognizes the
lease payments associated with these leases as an
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
term.
Operating profit/loss (EBIT)
Operating profit/loss is net income generated from
the Group’s continuing sales-generating primary ac-
tivities plus other income and expenses from oper-
ating activities, but excluding finance income and fi-
nance costs, participations in the profits and losses
of companies accounted for using the equity
method, impairments and income taxes.