Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 86
significant share of the global biosimilar market, the demonstrated, this could eliminate the future need
pharmacy benefit segment is experiencing slower for large-scale comparative phase III efficacy stud-
than expected adoption of biosimilars due to seg- ies.
ment-specific dynamics, in particular the control
and reimbursement practices of pharmacy benefit For Formycon, this already marks a striking and sig-
managers (PBMs), whose rebate and formulary nificant success. Following consultation with the
strategies determining covered drugs have thus far FDA, the company is one of the first developers of
limited the adoption of biosimilars within the phar- a pembrolizumab biosimilar being allowed to dis-
macy benefit sector. Such policies of PBMs and pense with a phase III clinical trial of its candidate
other payers are proving to be a barrier to the FYB206. This greenlighting significantly reduces
broader use of prescription biosimilars, despite both development time and costs, with estimated
their price advantages.68 savings in the tens of millions of dollars.
In parallel with the growth of the market in terms of Despite this more accommodating regulatory envi-
aggregate revenue, the number of approved bio- ronment for biosimilars, there are no signs yet of
similars has likewise increased significantly. As of the broad boost in development activities that one
July of 2025, a total of 119 biosimilars were ap- might expect. For approx. 90% of biologics with pa-
proved in Europe and 72 in the U.S.69 tent expirations by 2034, there are no biosimilars
currently known to be in development (the so-
At the same time, certain emerging and growth called "biosimilar void"). This gap is particularly pro-
markets, particularly in Latin America, Africa and nounced for niche (“orphan”) biologics, for which
Asia, are increasingly gaining in commercial im- biosimilar development has traditionally been con-
portance. Supported by rising demand, the expan- sidered economically unattractive due to the small
sion of local production capacities, and regulatory market size. However, changing regulatory frame-
frameworks that are more closely aligned with in- works are increasingly acknowledging the practical
ternational standards, these regions are increas- economic hurdles of biosimilar development with-
ingly contributing to global growth in the biosimilars out compromising the rigorous scientific require-
market.70 ments for structural and functional biosimilarity:
While large-scale and costly efficacy studies with
This strong growth momentum in the biosimilar limited incremental benefit are being deempha-
market is expected to see a further boost from reg- sized, the approval process continues to require
ulatory initiatives aimed at streamlining the biosimi- analytically demonstrated comparability, pharmaco-
lar approval process. Regulatory authorities includ- kinetic studies and immunogenicity assessments.
ing the European Medicines Agency (EMA)71 and The new regulations are thus tightening the focus
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)72 on what is scientifically appropriate and technically
have updated or published key guidelines for con- feasible. In addition to their impact on the biosimi-
sultation on biosimilars that place greater emphasis lars market at large, these changes are expected to
on analytical, functional and PK73 comparative data. extend the development of new biosimilar products
For biosimilar candidates that meet the prerequi- into these previously overlooked but important
sites, and for which a high degree of structural and niches.74
functional similarity can be convincingly
68 https://www.bcg.com/publications/2024/rising-tide-lifts-us-biosimilars-mar- 72 https://www.fda.gov/regulatory-information/search-fda-guidance-docu-
ket? ments/scientific-considerations-demonstrating-biosimilarity-reference-prod-
69 https://alirahealth.com/education-hub/2025-global-biosimilars-report/ uct-updated-recommendations
70 https://www.imarcgroup.com/biotechnology-industry?utm_source 73 PK: pharmacokinetic; PD: pharmacodynamic
71 https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/reflection-paper-tailored-clinical-approach- 74 IQVIA Institute for Human Data Science (2025), Assessing the Biosimilar Void
biosimilar-development in the U.S.: Achieving Sustainable Levels of Biosimilar Competition