Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 96
Financial performance the result of advance payments and milestone pay-
ments from the new FYB206 partnerships, as well
of Formycon AG as initial revenue shares from the FYB202 market
launch. Additionally, internal cost allocations for the
FYB201 and FYB203 projects continued to decline
as planned.
Formycon AG's EBITDA amounted to
In addition to the above review of the consolidated € 65,019 thousand (prior year: € 59,753 thousand)
financial performance of Formycon Group, this sec- while the annual net loss was € 53,669 thousand
- -
tion provides an overview of the financial perfor- (prior year: annual net loss of € 129,019 thousand).
mance specifically of the Formycon AG parent en- The change in EBITDA was primarily due to an in-
tity, the financial statements of which have been crease in costs for the FYB206 through FYB210 de-
prepared for fiscal year 2025, as in prior years, in velopment projects, for which Formycon AG bore
accordance with the German Commercial Code the full cost. In particular, the costs associated with
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB). The complete financial the clinical development of FYB206 and the ad-
statements with related documents are published vancing maturity of the FYB208 development had a
separately. As Formycon Group’s parent company, significant impact. Additionally, lower personnel
Formycon AG determines the Group’s overall stra- costs, as well as increased consulting costs for fi-
tegic management, financial management, and nancing projects and ongoing digitalization, includ-
communications with the capital markets and with ing, in particular, the implementation of new ERP
shareholders. Formycon AG is an active operating software, played a role.
company engaged in the business of biosimilars
development at one location, which is its headquar- Both operating costs and EBITDA met the Execu-
ters in the Munich suburb of Martinsried/Planegg, tive Board’s expectations thanks to rigorous cost
Germany. Formycon AG generates its revenue from management. Revenue, however, fell slightly short
the provision under so-called “FTE agreements”83 of expectations, primarily due to a slower increase
of research and development services for biosimi- in revenue from FYB202 following the market
lar candidates initiated by Formycon and subse- launch at the end of Q1 2025, as well as a tempo-
quently out-licensed or developed through partner- rary suspension of marketing for FYB201 in the U.S.
ships, as well as from upfront and milestone pay- after the first quarter of 2025.
ments and license payments generated from prod-
uct sales by Formycon’s partner companies. The change in annual net loss was largely attributa-
Formycon AG also supports its partners in manag- ble to the effects of the updated projections and
ing the relevant supply chains to ensure the market planning for the FYB201 and FYB202 projects, re-
supply of selected biosimilar products. In the cur- sulting in write-downs of € 16,663 thousand on
rent phase of Formycon’s corporate development, Formycon’s investment participation in Bioeq AG
its biosimilar products are marketed solely via com- and € 48,314 thousand on its shareholding in
mercialization partners. FYB202 Project GmbH. The accompanying reduc-
tions in the respective provisions for contingent
Profitability of Formycon AG in accordance with purchase price obligations in the amount of
German statutory accounting (HGB) € 88,923 thousand, however, had an offsetting im-
pact on the annual net loss.
During the reporting period, the Formycon AG gen-
erated revenue of € 40,597 thousand compared to In line with its business model, Formycon AG stead-
€ 33,906 thousand in the prior fiscal year. This was ily pushed forward during 2025 with the
83 These agreements are commonly called as such because remuneration is based
upon the full-time equivalent (FTE) method, a standardized measure of head-
count.