Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 12 Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 13
Number of subscription rights per sec. § 192 para. profits from the prior financial year shall also be ent- Executive Board members, the Supervisory Board to amend the Company’s articles of incorporation to
2 no. 1 of the Stock Corporation Act itled to participate in any dividends declared for the is similarly authorized. The Supervisory Board is reflect such utilization of conditional capital.
prior fiscal year. To the extent legally permissible, further authorized to amend the Company’s articles
Conditional Capital 2022 the Board of Management may, with the approval of of incorporation to reflect such utilization of condi- During the fiscal year, 2,000 previously issued
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of the Supervisory Board, determine the profit partici- tional capital. During the fiscal year, a total of 7,525 stock options expired, and thus as of the period clo-
June 30, 2022, the Company’s registered capital pation of such newly issued shares in deviation from shares were subscribed under the Conditional sing date, a total of 230,000 stock options remai-
was conditionally increased by a maximum of € sec. 60 para. 2 of the Stock Corporation Act. The Capital 2015. ned issued under the Conditional Capital 2020 and
6,497,125.00 (the “Conditional Capital 2022”). Executive Board is authorized, subject to the appro- neither expired nor exercised.
val of the Supervisory Board, to determine further Thus, as of the period closing date, a total of
This conditional capital increase shall serve for the details regarding the specific implementation of any 195,450 stock options remained issued under the
granting of shares to holders of convertible bonds capital increases hereunder. Conditional Capital 2015 and neither expired nor
and/or bonds with attached warrants issued by the exercised.
Company, or by a group company within the mea- Number of subscription rights per sec. § 192 para.
ning of sec. 18 of the Stock Corporation Act, on the 2 no. 3 of the Stock Corporation Act Conditional Capital 2020
basis of the corresponding authorization resolved The Company’s registered capital was conditional-
by the Annual General Meeting on June 30, 2022 Conditional Capital 2015 ly increased by a maximum of € 724,000 for the
and at any time until June 29, 2027, which become By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of June issuance of a maximum of 724,000 new no-par-va-
due upon the exercise of bondholder conversion 30, 2015, the Company’s registered capital was con- lue bearer shares (the “Conditional Capital 2020”).
and/or option rights, or upon fulfillment of conver- ditionally increased by a maximum of € 376,000 for The Conditional Capital 2020 serves exclusively to
sion or subscription obligations, or upon the exerci- the issuance of a maximum of 376,000 new no-par- secure subscription rights (stock options) granted
se by the Company of its optional rights to redeem value bearer shares (the “Conditional Capital 2015”). to members of the Executive Board and Company
bonds, in whole or in part, through the granting of The Conditional Capital 2015 serves exclusively to employees, as well as executives and employees of
Company shares in lieu of cash. The conversion or secure subscription rights (stock options) granted Company subsidiaries and affiliates, under the au-
option exercise price at which the new shares are to members of the Executive Board and Company thority granted by resolution of the Annual General
issued shall be determined in accordance with the employees, as well as executives and employees Meeting of December 10, 2020 to issue such stock
authorizing shareholder resolution. Capital increases of Company subsidiaries and affiliates, under the options at any time up to and including December
under the Conditional Capital 2022 shall be carried authority granted by resolution of the Annual Gene- 9, 2025 (the “Stock Option Plan 2020”). This capital
out only to the extent necessary for the exercise of ral Meeting of June 30, 2015 to issue such stock op- increase is conditional upon such subscription
conversion or option rights, or for the fulfillment by tions at any time up to and including June 29, 2020 rights having been issued and upon the exercise
creditors or bondholders of conversion or subscrip- (the “Stock Option Plan 2015”). This capital increase of such subscription rights by the holders thereof,
tion obligations, or for the exercise by the Company is conditional upon such subscription rights having and further provided that the Company does not
of its optional rights to redeem bonds, in whole or in been issued and upon the exercise of such sub- grant treasury shares or provide a cash settlement
part, through the granting of new Company shares scription rights by the holders thereof, and further in fulfillment of such subscription rights. The newly
to holders of convertible bonds and/or bonds with provided that the Company does not grant treasury issued shares shall participate in profits from the
attached warrants as consideration due and only shares or provide a cash settlement in fulfillment of start of the fiscal year for which, at the time of their
insofar as such consideration due is not granted such subscription rights. The newly issued shares issuance, no resolution has yet been taken by the
in the form of cash or existing treasury shares, or shall participate in profits from the start of the fiscal Annual General Meeting as to the application of
as shares of another listed company as substitute year for which, at the time of their issuance, no re- retained profits. The Executive Board is authorized,
consideration. Although newly issued shares should, solution has yet been taken by the Annual General subject to approval of the Supervisory Board, to
in principle, participate in profits from the beginning Meeting as to the application of retained profits. The determine further details regarding the specific
of the fiscal year during which they are issued, any Executive Board is authorized, subject to approval of implementation of any such contingent capital
shares newly issued on the basis of a bond conver- the Supervisory Board, to determine further details increase. In the case of such subscription rights
sion or warrant exercise declared prior to the annual regarding the specific implementation of any such (stock options) being granted to Executive Board
general meeting of the Company in which a resolu- contingent capital increase. In the case of such members, the Supervisory Board is similarly autho-
tion is passed regarding the application of retained subscription rights (stock options) being granted to rized. The Supervisory Board is further authorized