213
To Formycon AG, Planegg-Martinsried true and fair view of the Group’s financial
position as of December 31, 2025, as well
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated as its financial performance for the fiscal
Financial Statements and the Combined year from January 1 to December 31, 2025,
Management Report
and
Audit Opinions
— the accompanying condensed management
We have audited the consolidated financial state-
report as a whole presents an appropriate
ments of Formycon AG, Planegg-Martinsried, and
view of the Group’s position. In all material
its subsidiaries (the Group)—comprising the consoli-
respects, this condensed management re-
dated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025, the
port is consistent with the consolidated fi-
consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
nancial statements, complies with German
the consolidated statement of changes in equity,
statutory requirements, and accurately pre-
and the consolidated statement of cash flows for
sents the opportunities and risks associated
the fiscal year from January 1 to December 31,
with future development. Our audit opinion
2025, as well as the notes to the consolidated fi-
on the condensed management report does
nancial statements, including significant information
not cover the content of the components of
on accounting policies—have been audited. In ad-
the condensed management report listed in
dition, we have audited the report on the manage-
the “Other Information” section. The con-
ment of the Company and the Group (hereinafter
densed management report contains cross-
“combined management report”) of Formycon AG
references marked as unaudited that are
for the fiscal year from January 1 to December 31,
not required by law. Our audit opinion does
2025.
not extend to these cross-references or to
the information to which the cross-refer-
We have not audited the content of the compo-
ences relate.
nents of the combined management report referred
to in the “Other Information” section of our audit
Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 HGB, we de-
opinion in accordance with German legal require-
clare that our audit has not led to any reservations
ments.
relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated
financial statements and of the combined manage-
The combined management report contains cross-
ment report.
references marked as unaudited that are not re-
quired by law. We have not audited the content of
Basis for the Audit Opinions
these cross-references or the information to which
they refer in accordance with German statutory re- We conducted our audit of the consolidated finan-
quirements. cial statements and the combined management re-
port in accordance with Section 317 of the German
In our opinion, based on the findings of our audit, Commercial Code (HGB) and the EU Audit Regula-
tion (No. 537/2014; hereinafter “EU Audit Regula-
tion”) and in accordance with the German stand-
— the accompanying consolidated financial
ards for the audit of financial statements estab-
statements comply in all material respects
lished by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany
with the IFRS Accounting Standards issued
(IDW). Our responsibilities under these regulations
by the International Accounting Standards
and standards are described in more detail in the
Board (IASB) (hereinafter “IFRS Accounting
section “Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the
Standards”), as adopted by the EU, and the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Com-
supplementary German statutory provisions
bined Management Report” of our auditor’s report.
applicable pursuant to Section 315e (1) of
We are independent of the group entities in accord-
the German Commercial Code (HGB), and,
ance with the requirements of European law and
in compliance with these provisions, give a