12 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR-REPORT 2023 13
Successful market entry and promising In the case of FYB202, the candidate biosimilar to ethical behavior into our corporate governance. available to more patients around the world for
partnerships for FYB201: good news in the Stelara®, Formycon was able to announce the We believe that this holistic view of important ESG the treatment of serious diseases, and through
U.S., UK and Europe successful completion of the expanded phase 1 themes will create additional long-term value for the market competition and lower prices which
pharmacokinetics (PK) study, marking a remaining Formycon and its stakeholders. they bring, they help to relieve the cost burden on
With our FYB201 project we have developed our milestone in this development project. Submission the world’s healthcare systems.
first biosimilar drug through to successful of regulatory approval documents in Europe and During the first half of 2023, Formycon launched a
approval and commercialization. The success the U.S. remains planned for 2023. new “Formycon Road to Sustainability” initiative Successful placement of capital increase to
has been particularly striking in the United together with a leading consultancy and with finance further growth and to expand Formy-
States, where our commercialization partner COVID-19: Changed situation of FYB207 support from anchor investor Active Ownership, con’s biosimilars pipeline
Coherus has been able to achieve a market project, focus on biosimilars pipeline with the aim of developing a suitable and mean-
share of roughly 17 percent within just nine ingful sustainability strategy for Formycon by the In order to finance the group’s continued growth,
months, and the trend continues upward. Sales With the lifting of the global health emergency by end of 2023. Formycon AG carried out a capital increase from
in the UK have also been satisfying, with market the World Health Organization (WHO) on May 5, approved capital amounting to approx. 6% of
share already at roughly 40% as the result of a 2023, the COVID-19 pandemic has been declared Currently, Formycon is in the stage of materiality outstanding shares. The gross issuance proceeds
successful National Health Service (NHS) tender. over – at least for the time being. analysis and is evaluating actual and potential of slightly over EUR 70 million will be primarily
Because the EU market is fragmented, coun- risks, as well as upside opportunities, in each of used to push forward with the development of our
try-level product launches of FYB201 will take These major changes in the external environment the ESG component areas, then assessing these own biosimilar candidates (FYB202, FYB206,
place sequentially through the end of 2023. We have also had an impact on our FYB207 project. accordingly. In 2024, Formycon Group expects to FYB208 and FYB209) and to expand our biosimi-
are delighted to have Teva at our side as a After careful consideration not only of scientific implement the first of the work packages gener- lars development pipeline in support of our
strong and capable partner for the UK and all of but also economic and strategic factors, we have ated on the basis of the newly developed organic growth strategy.
Europe. Further launches in countries such as re-evaluated the project. We plan to continue sustainability strategy.
Brazil, Canada and Saudi Arabia are planned for pursuing the innovative COVID-19 project, but in a Our special thanks go to the many dedicated
2024. resource-sparing way and only in certain focus In fact, Formycon’s biosimilars are already having Formycon employees who made most of the
areas. We remain confident in this drug candidate a positive impact towards the Sustainable achievements and milestones described above
Successful completion of clinical development and have created a promising platform, and it is Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations: possible, as well as to our valued partners and to
phases of FYB202 and FYB203 projects as on this basis that we remain committed to moving Our biosimilars help improve access to healthcare you, dear shareholders, for your continued
well as submission of approval documents for FYB207 into a strategic development partnership. by making high-quality biopharmaceuticals confidence in us and in the work that we do.
FYB203 to U.S. Food and Drug Administration Formycon will continue to pursue patent applica-
(FDA) tions, scientific advice meetings, and potential
opportunities for outside funding options with the
As mentioned above, Formycon was able to aim of ensuring that development work of this
report significant advances during the first half of novel drug can at any time be quickly moved into
2023 in two of its biosimilar drug development the clinical phase or otherwise accelerated as Martinsried/Planegg as of August 2023
projects nearing completion. Following positive conditions change. However, Formycon’s clear Yours faithfully —
interim results from the MAGELLAN-AMD phase focus is on our promising biosimilars pipeline.
3 clinical trials on the efficacy and tolerability of
FYB203, the candidate biosimilar to Eylea®, Formycon Road to Sustainability: Intensified
Formycon was able to announce the filing of the ESG efforts for a sustainable future
biologics license application (BLA) for FYB203
with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration As of the first half of 2023, Formycon has further
(FDA) on June 29, 2023, in line with the Compa- intensified its engagement with Environmental,
ny’s original plan. The FDA generally decides Social and Governance (ESG) themes. Formycon
within 60 days of submission whether to accept is committed to managing and conducting its
the application (“file acceptance”) for further business activities in a responsible and sustain- Dr. Stefan Glombitza Dr. Andreas Seidl
examination. This period has so far passed able manner. This commitment specifically
without any substantive queries. Submission to includes further measures to reduce the compa-
the European Medicines Agency (EMA) is ny’s ecological footprint, to promote an inclusive
expected later this year. corporate culture, and to embed transparency and
Nicola Mikulcik Enno Spillner