Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 56 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 57
Report on outlook for
Formycon Group
The information provided within this section in- It is planned to invest the expected cash inflows Following the recent approval by the U.S. Food operational milestones during fiscal year 2024,
cludes forward-looking statements based upon our from these product sales primarily into the expan- and Drug Administration (FDA) of FYB203 (AHZAN- which will in turn form the basis for the Group’s
current expectations and certain assumptions. Iden- sion of Formycon’s development pipeline. In doing TIVE®), the biosimilar to Eylea®, Formycon likewise transformation from a successful developer to a
tified and unidentified risks, inherent uncertainties so, we will have achieved key conditions necessarily expects approval decisions in 2024 from both the biosimilars leader which will, over the medium term,
and other factors may lead to significant deviations to further strengthen Formycon’s position as a glob- European Medicines Agency (EMA) and FDA for become sustainably profitable. With the market
between the expectations outlined herein and al and independent player in the biosimilars market FYB202, Formycon’s candidate biosimilar to Ste- launch and successful establishment of its next
actual future results. Such future deviations from segment and to further build the Formycon orga- lara®. The EMA’s decision on FYB203 is expected by two biosimilar candidates FYB202 and FYB203,
these expectations could involve the Group’s future nization into a leading and sustainably profitable the beginning of 2025 at the latest. Formycon specifically seeks to achieve EBITDA
financial situation and overall development as well specialist within this rapidly growing segment. and cash flow profitability within the medium term.
as the future sales of its current or potential prod- Assuming that approval of these two new biosimi- Until then and beyond, Formycon is committed to
ucts. With regard to its pipeline projects, Formycon On the capital markets side, Formycon is also lars is successfully obtained, Formycon expects to further increasing investment into pipeline projects.
AG makes no representations, warranties or other considering the possibility of upgrading its share generate future revenue, which may be deferred In addition, the company intends, where possible,
guarantees of any kind that these will receive the listing to a more highly regulated stock market seg- revenue, from contractual milestone payments as to independently develop its biosimilar candidates
necessary regulatory approvals or that these will be ment such as the Frankfurt Stock Exchange “Prime well as from sales of both new drugs. through to a more advanced stage in the value
commercially viable and/or successful. Standard” segment, thereby raising the appeal chain, which on the one hand will require project
of its shares, particularly among international and As to FYB206, Formycon’s candidate biosimilar to investment and thus greater capital, but on the other
Future development of Formycon Group institutional investors, and ultimately broadening its Keytruda®, the first patient has now been recruit- hand will mean considerably higher participation in
shareholder base. ed into phase I clinical trials. This launch of clinical subsequent product revenues, thereby significantly
The development of biosimilars is the strategic fo- development puts Formycon among the leading and sustainably increasing value creation.
cus of Formycon Group and the fundamental basis Product development biosimilar developers to have announced the entry
for its sustainable long-term business growth. into the clinical phase of a pembrolizumab biosim- Revenue
For the second half of fiscal year 2024, Formycon ilar for the EU and U.S. markets. Recruitment for
With the launch of its first biosimilar product in continues to expect meaningful contributions to parallel phase III clinical trials was also commenced Thanks to the continuing progress in establishing
2022 and 2023, Formycon entered a new phase its revenue and earnings from sales of its FYB201 as planned (after the reporting period). Formycon’s Ranivisio®, Ongavia®, CIMERLI® Ravegza®, Uptera®
of its corporate development in which expected product, the biosimilar to Lucentis® being marketed two newest biosimilar candidates FYB208 and and RanoptoTM (region-specific trade names for
operating cash flows should open up new growth under the brand names Ranivisio®1 , Ongavia®2 , FYB209 are both in the early development stage. In FYB201, the biosimilar to Lucentis®) in key global
opportunities for the company. In addition, through CIMERLI®3 , Ravegza®4 , Uptera®5 and RanoptoTM6. the second half of 2024, Formycon hopes to launch markets, as well as further planned market launches
the 2022 transaction with Athos KG and the associ- At the start of 2024, Formycon’s U.S. commercial- development of an additional biosimilar candidate in various other territories, Formycon expects further
ated acquisition of a 50% share of biosimilar FYB201 ization partner Coherus BioSciences, Inc. sold the (FYB210) as the next step towards a broad and sus- increases in contributions to the Group’s 2024 rev-
and a 100% share of biosimilar candidate FYB202, marketing rights for CIMERLI® to Sandoz AG, which tainable project pipeline. enue and earnings from its participation in product
Formycon will now be able to enjoy a significantly became the new commercialization partner for sales. In addition, assuming successful regulatory
higher share of future revenues and earnings from FYB201 biosimilar CIMERLI® in the United States 2024 financial outlook for Formycon Group approval, further milestone payments are expected
the marketing of these drugs. with effect from the transaction closing on March 1, during 2024 for the FYB202 project. Because part
2024. In terms of its product development activities and of these milestone payments were already recog-
capabilities, Formycon expects to attain further key nized and reported in fiscal year 2023 as accrued
1 Ranivisio® is a registered trademark of Bioeq AG 4 Ravegza® is a registered trademark of MS Pharma Saudi
2 Ongavia® is a registered trademark of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 5 Uptera® is a registered trademark of MS Pharma Jordan
3 CIMERLI® is a registered trademark ofCoherus BioSciences, Inc. 6 RanoptoTM is a registered trademark of Teva Canada Ltd.