48 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 49
The possibility cannot be entirely excluded, how- potential data loss. The Group also regularly con- market. For a growing organization, staff turnover It cannot be ruled out that particular stages of a
ever, that such one or more development partner- ducts maintenance and inspections of its critical is relatively low. The loss of key staff, particularly product development program might need to be
ships could be terminated for reasons not under equipment by trained personnel or specialized with critical knowledge and expertise, would con- repeated, that one or more such studies might not
Formycon’s control. Such an event could have a service providers, making changes to equipment stitute a significant risk. To keep this risk as low as reach successful conclusion, or that a development
material adverse impact on the Group’s profit and as necessary to ensure that it remains at the state possible, the Group has implemented a number of program might fail in its entirety. Within the scope
loss accounts as well as on its financial planning. of the art. staff motivation and retention initiatives, along with of the Group’s development activities, the produc-
At the present time, Formycon assesses this risk as talent planning to ensure that future succession is tion of active ingredients and finished products by
very low. in place. It is also impossible to rule out the risk of third-party producers represents a substantial cost
Patent risks staff absences due to illness. Formycon has estab- component. It should be specifically noted here,
Formycon will continue to fund its future devel- lished a health management system to mitigate the in the context of risks that might arise, that such
opment pipeline projects from its own financial The possibility of patent infringements, even if impact of staff absences resulting from illness. production capacities must typically be planned
resources, with the aim of moving these into attrac- only alleged, is an inherent risk in biosimilar and arranged with lead times of one to two years
tive partnership arrangements, in whole or in part, development because of the large number of and that, for this reason, short-term changes to the
General risks associated with
starting from a certain product development stage. potentially relevant patents which must be project cycle could result in additional waiting peri-
considered. Disputes with competitors or other the development of biosimilars ods along with substantial cancellation fees.
Risks to the Group’s future financial performance patent owners, or defense against lawsuits
could arise from the general economic environ- claiming patent infringement, may pose a consid- Another risk is that such outside partners might
ment, in which potential bank insolvencies cannot erable financial burden. Particularly in the U.S., The quality, comparability, efficacy and safety of not be able to comply with the stringent regulatory
be ruled out. Formycon invests its liquid assets such legal actions generally involve very high a biosimilar medicine must be comprehensively requirements which apply to gaining regulatory
exclusively with financial institutions with strong costs. In the worst case, such a dispute could demonstrated to the regulatory authorities through approval of a biosimilar drug, such as inspections
and stable ratings and which can be regarded as result in restrictions on, or even the prohibition of, analytical and preclinical studies along with clin- and audits. Should such an event arise, regulatory
relatively safe in the event of a financial crisis. the marketing of one or more products on one or ical trials. Both the planning and implementation approval could be delayed or completely denied.
more relevant markets, and/or the imposition of of any individual stage of product development In addition, difficulties arising in the recruitment
With its strong financial footing, Formycon is well sizable fines. Such a legal action could also make could potentially entail delays which are generally of patients for clinical trials, or in the availability of
positioned to overcome future financial risks as it necessary to cease the development, launch, or not predictable and which, in turn, would result in production capacity, production components or
these may arise. The Group’s existing financial ongoing marketing of one or more products. higher costs. There is, moreover, the risk that final precursors, and/or other necessary inputs could
resources should be sufficient to cover its short- to In order to avoid infringements upon the intellec- regulatory approval of a biosimilar candidate might have an impact on development works or clinical
medium-term capital needs. This, however, cannot tual property rights of others, Formycon conducts take longer than planned, or that the drug might trials, thereby also adversely affecting the timeline
be used to infer any sort of assurance as to the exhaustive patent searches already at the time not be approved at all. and/or profitability of a drug development project
availability of long-term financial resources. There that project candidates are selected, then or even jeopardizing a project in its entirety.
are, at present, no identifiable fundamental risks continues to closely monitor the relevant patent In its biosimilar development work, Formycon relies
which would jeopardize the Group’s continued environment over the course of the development in part upon external partners. Should an external
existence. The failure of current or future devel- of its biosimilar candidates. Nevertheless, the partner fail to provide the required resources, or General risks associated
opment projects could, however, result in funda- possibility cannot be excluded that Formycon fail to provide them within the required timeframe,
with the development of an
mental risks, depending on the relevance of the could be the subject of patent litigation, even if or should the timeframe in which such resources
innovative COVID-19 drug
respective project to Formycon Group as a whole. such litigation is unjustified. are made available be shifted for other reasons,
this could lead to delays in the Group’s develop-
ment projects.
Organizational risks Staff risks The above risks relating to the development
With this in mind, Formycon plans all steps of prod- of biosimilars substantially also apply to the
Formycon’s operating activities depend upon the The expertise and many years of experience of its uct development with the greatest possible care development of a new and innovative COVID-19
proper functioning of its laboratories and IT infra- employees are key pillars of Formycon’s success. and, to the extent feasible, with reasonable time drug under the FYB207 project. This pending
structure. Various risks can be identified which In particular, the development of a biosimilar drug, allowances for delays that might arise. Preclinical project is now subject to increased risks due to
might impair or interrupt the availability of these from early-stage analysis through to regulatory and clinical studies as well as the extensive pro- changes in the framework conditions, in particular
critical resources, temporarily or even over an approval, requires highly qualified specialists. Over gram of analytical characterization take place in the recent lifting by the World Health Organization
extended period. To the extent possible, the finan- recent years, Formycon has been able to recruit close consultation with the respective authorities (WHO) of the COVID-19 global health emergency
cial risks which might result from such events are numerous highly qualified scientists and managers. and with assistance and expert advice from out- as well as the more challenging prospects for
insured. In addition, Formycon employs modern This demonstrates that the Group is a highly attrac- side specialists. Notwithstanding this, the results or entering into a development partnership (or if so,
technologies and established processes to elim- tive employer, able to successfully fill these critical outcome of any such study cannot be completely on worse terms than originally anticipated).
inate or mitigate the risks cyberattacks or other positions, even in a fiercely competitive labor predicted in advance.