28 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 29
Important processes, partners and sales markets Competitive situation
The development of biosimilar drugs for the products, Formycon relies upon commercialization Internationally published studies predict average Formycon will continue to invest heavily into the
world’s most stringently regulated markets de- partnerships and cooperation agreements with annual growth rates (CAGR) for the global market expansion of its project pipeline so that it is able to
mands exacting standards for their safety, quality strong established pharmaceutical players such as for biosimilars over the next decade (2023 through bring new biosimilars to market at regular intervals.
and efficacy. Within the EU, the requirements for Fresenius Kabi AG, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 2032) in excess of 14%.2 Despite substantial barri- In parallel with this strategic thrust, Formycon is
quality assurance of the production processes and Ltd. and Coherus BioSciences, Inc. ers to market entry due to high development costs pursuing an organizational growth strategy so that
production environment for the manufacture of me- (approx. € 150 to 250 million per biosimilar devel- it has the resources to compete as an integrated
dicinal products and active ingredients are estab- The market for Formycon’s biosimilar products is opment project), long development cycles (six to pharmaceuticals company, specifically within the
lished through a European Commission directive the global pharmaceutical market, specifically in eight years), and the specialized expertise required biosimilars segment. In order to achieve this strate-
laying down the principles and guidelines of Good United States, Europe (including also the UK), Ja- for biosimilars develop, there are a number of gic vision, the Executive Board is open to consid-
Manufacturing Practice (GMP) for all medicinal pan, Canada, Australia, the Middle East and North international competitors in this attractive market ering cooperation arrangements and integration
products for human use. Formycon’s laboratories Africa (MENA) region, and Latin America. segment. in selected areas of the manufacturing process as
are subject to these guidelines and are periodically well as to building its own commercialization capa-
examined and audited by regulatory authorities, Oncology, a field of medicine in which some 19.3 In addition to major pharmaceutical corporations bilities in certain geographies.
including also the U.S. Food and Drug Administra- million new cases are registered every year, cur- such as Amgen, Biocon, Fresenius Kabi, Pfizer,
tion (FDA). rently dominates the areas of application for bio- Samsung Bioepis and Sandoz but also smaller Beyond this guiding vision, Formycon’s strategic
similars worldwide.1 Overall, however, the number companies specializing in biosimilars such as Alvo- focus is on long-term profitability and sustainable
With the acquisition of Bioeq GmbH in 2022, of disease areas in which biosimilars are available tech and XBrane. (These are just examples and are cash flows. Formycon may, as necessary, adapt
Formycon expanded the spectrum of its in-house and in active use is steadily increasing. The trend listed in alphabetical order.) its strategy and operational approach to particular
development resources to encompass clinical of new and expected biosimilar approvals is, in market conditions. There has been no significant
development and the management of clinical trials. particular, towards indications in immunology and Because of Formycon’s positioning as an indepen- change in Formycon’s strategic orientation com-
As a sponsor of such clinical studies, Bioeq GmbH ophthalmology. dent developer, situations may arise in which such pared to the prior-year period.
is obliged to comply with detailed regulations on a company, particularly a major pharmaceutical
Good Clinical Practice (GCP) when conducting clin- While originator biopharmaceuticals are already name, is both competitor and commercialization The drivers of Formycon’s success are its agility
ical trials of medicinal products for use in humans. available for the effective treatment of many seri- partner. For each of its biosimilar development and its drug development expertise
Even where not statutory, these GCP guidelines ous diseases, these powerful drugs are also very projects, Formycon seeks out the most suitable
are an international standard recognized through- expensive due to the complexity of their devel- commercialization partner, not only for the area of Formycon stands out from its competitors, particu-
out the world, serving to protect patients and to opment and manufacture, and they can often be indication but also for the relevant region, and to larly large pharmaceutical companies with biosim-
ensure the integrity and correctness of the data prohibitively expensive as a first-line therapy for distinguish itself competitors through its innovative ilar ambitions, above all in the agility and flexibility
and findings generated through such clinical stud- all patients, even in the most developed countries. development concepts, the reliability of the sci- of its operational activities. In biopharmaceutical
ies. Compliance with GCP guidelines on the part of However, once the legal protection period for entific processes which it uses, rigorous selection development, is important to align structures,
the study sponsor, the participating study centers an originator biopharmaceutical reaches its end, of reliable partners, and the highest standards of processes and behaviors along the value chain
and other parties involved in the clinical study pro- biosimilar drugs may be brought to market. The quality and scientific expertise in the selection of in such a way as to foster an organization which
cess is verified during GCP inspections conducted reduced costs of effective treatment through new its service providers and consultants. Further dis- is able to learn and thus constantly improve, and
by local health authorities. competition from biosimilars not only helps to re- cussion of competitive risks can be found in the which is intensely focused on the excellent execu-
lieve the burden on the world’s health providers corresponding section of the “Report on risks and tion of the many activities needed for successful
Contract development and manufacturing orga- such as statutory health insurers: They also make opportunities”. drug development. This kind of operational ex-
nizations (CDMO) or “contract manufacturers” it possible to bring these powerful treatments to cellence strives for the holistic improvement of all
are important partners within the value chain for more patients, thereby also opening entire new direct and indirect functions throughout the value
Corporate strategy and
biosimilars development and play a critical role for markets. creation process, thereby enabling ever higher
Formycon, including in the production of active management levels of organizational performance and sustained
ingredients. For the global marketing of biosimilar improvements in operational and financial metrics.
With its operating efficiency, lean management
Formycon’s strategic goal is to sustainably expand and organizational structures, and staff of 225
the scope of its business activities so that it is able committed employees, Formycon currently has the
to become a leading global developer of biosimi- capacity and resources to develop seven different
lars for the long term. In order to achieve this goal, biopharmaceutical projects in parallel.
Technical development Production* Clinical development Approval Commercialization*
* through partnerships or cooperation agreements
1 International Agency for Research of Cancer, “Fact Sheet World”,
https://gco.iarc.fr/today/data/factsheets/populations/900-world-fact-sheets.pdf
2 Market US / Globe Newswire: Biosimilars market is anticipated
to grow at a CAGR of 14.1% from 2023 – 2032 due to increasing incidences
of chronic diseases