Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 30 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 31
The target market for Formycon’s biosimilar pro- such as statutory health insurers: They also make it Corporate strategy and management development. This kind of operational excellence
ducts is the global pharmaceutical market, speci- possible to bring these powerful treatments to more strives for the holistic improvement of all direct and
fically in United States, Europe (including also the patients, thereby also opening entire new markets. Formycon’s strategic goal is to sustainably expand indirect functions throughout the value creation
UK), Japan, Canada, Australia, the Middle East and the scope of its business activities with the aim of process, thereby enabling ever higher levels of
North Africa (MENA) region, and Latin America. Competitive situation becoming the leading independent specialist and organizational performance and sustained improve-
partner of choice in the rapidly growing biosimilars ments in operational and financial metrics. With its
In terms of areas of application for biosimilars Internationally published studies predict annu- market. In order to achieve this goal, Formycon will operating efficiency, lean management and orga-
globally, oncology currently dominates. According al growth rates (CAGR) for the global market for continue to invest heavily into the advancement nizational structures, and staff of 239 committed
to the International Agency for Research on Can- biosimilars over the next decade (2025 through and expansion of its project pipeline so that it is employees, Formycon currently has the capacity
cer (IARC), some 20 million new cancer diagnoses 2034), on average, of 16.5%6. Despite substantial able to bring new biosimilars to market at regular and resources to develop multiple biopharmaceuti-
were reported worldwide during 2022, and by the barriers to market entry due to high development intervals. In parallel with this strategic thrust, Formy- cal projects in parallel.
year 2050, the IARC forecasts that this number will costs (approx. USD 150 to 300 million per biosimi- con is pursuing an organizational growth strategy
increase by 77% to 35 million new cancer cases lar development project), long development cycles so that it has the resources to compete and be Financial performance indicators
each year.2 At the same time, the number of disea- (seven to ten years), and the specialized expertise sustainably growing and profitable as a biosimilars
se areas in which biosimilars are approved and in required to develop a biosimilar, there are a num- specialist. In order to achieve this strategic vision, In managing Formycon Group, the Executive Board
active use is, in the aggregate, steadily increasing. ber of international competitors in this attractive the Executive Board is open to considering me- relies upon a defined set of key financial perfor-
The growth in recent and expected biosimilar market segment. In addition to major pharmaceu- dium- to long-term cooperation arrangements and mance indicators. As of the first half of fiscal year
approvals is particularly striking for indications in tical corporations such as Amgen, Biocon, Bio- integration in selected areas of the manufacturing 2023, the comparison period for this report, these
immunology and ophthalmology. A study in the UK gen, Fresenius Kabi, Pfizer, Samsung Bioepis and process as well as to building its own commerciali- were revenue, EBITDA, net profit/loss, and working
found that one in ten people suffer from some kind Sandoz but also smaller companies specializing in zation capabilities in certain geographies. capital.
of autoimmune disease.3 According to the Global biosimilars such as Alvotech, Celltrion and XBrane.
Autoimmune Institute, the most common diagnoses (These are just examples and are listed in alphabe- In pursuing this vision, Formycon’s strategic focus In deciding upon the most relevant and meaningful
are psoriasis, Crohn’s disease, lupus, and type 1 tical order.) is on long-term profitability and sustainable cash financial performance indicators for the full 2023
diabetes.4 The global market for autoimmune di- flows. Formycon may, as necessary, adapt its stra- fiscal year, the Executive Board decided, subse-
sease therapeutics is forecasted to grow from USD Because of Formycon’s positioning as an indepen- tegy and operational approach to particular market quent to the closing date for the first half of 2023,
137,557.2 million in 2023 to USD 205,584.6 million dent developer, situations may arise in which such conditions. There has been no need for significant to replace net profit/loss with Adjusted EBITDA,
by the end of 2033, which is an average annual a company, particularly a major pharmaceutical change in Formycon’s strategic orientation compa- in particular because net profit/loss and certain
growth rate (CAGR) of 4.1% over these ten years.5 name, is a competitor for one or more products at red to the prior-year period. other financial statement items have, starting in
the same time that it is a commercialization partner 2023, been significantly influenced by the fair value
While originator biopharmaceuticals are already for one or more biosimilar development projects. The drivers of Formycon’s success are its agility remeasurement of the conditional purchase price
available for the effective treatment of many serious For each of its biosimilar development projects, and its drug development expertise payment obligations under the Athos transaction,
diseases, these powerful drugs are also very ex- Formycon seeks out the most suitable commercia- the valuation of which is impacted by changes in
pensive due to the complexity of their development lization partner, not only for the area of indication Formycon stands out from competitors, particularly external factors, in particular the applicable market
and manufacture, and they can often be prohibiti- but also for the relevant region, and to distinguish large pharmaceutical companies with biosimilar rates used to calculate the weighted average cost
vely expensive as a first-line therapy for all patients, itself competitors through its innovative develop- ambitions, above all in the high level of agility and of capital (WACC). An increase (decrease) in the
even in highly developed countries. However, once ment concepts, the reliability of the scientific pro- flexibility in its operational activities, combined with WACC would have a material positive (negative)
the legal protection period for an originator bio- cesses which it uses, rigorous selection of reliable very high quality. In biopharmaceutical develop- impact on reported net profit/loss. Due to the high
pharmaceutical expires, thereby ending its exclu- partners, and the highest standards of quality and ment, is important to align structures, processes volatility and influence of these external valuation
sivity, biosimilar drugs may be brought to market. scientific expertise in the selection of its service and behaviors along the value chain in such a way parameters, net profit/loss does not, in the opinion
The reduced costs of effective treatment through providers and consultants. Further discussion of as to foster an integrated platform which is able of the Executive Board, provide a suitable measure
new competition from biosimilars not only helps to competitive risks can be found within the “Report to learn and thus constantly improve, and which of the Group’s overall after-tax operating per-
relieve the burden on the world’s health providers on risks and opportunities” (page 35). is intensely focused on the excellent execution formance, i.e. taking into account all income and
of the many activities needed for successful drug expense items in the respective period.
1 Zu Beginn des Jahres 2024 wurden die fyb201 Kommerzialisierungsrechte 4 https://www.autoimmuneinstitute.org/understanding-autoimmune-disease/
von Coherus BioSciences, Inc. auf die Sandoz AG übertragen. 5 Autoimmune Disease Therapeutics Market: Global Industry Analysis 2017-2022
2 https://www.tagesschau.de/wissen/gesundheit/krebs-who-zunahme-100.html and Opportunity Assessment 2023-2033, Future Market Insights 2023
3 Incidence, prevalence, and co-occurrence of autoimmune disorders over time
and by age, sex, and socioeconomic status: a population-based cohort study of 22
million individuals in the UK, The Lancet