36 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 37
Due to the now greatly changed pandemic sit- time in FYB 202 GmbH & Co. KG, as well as from by current liabilities (excluding current portion of proactively managing its liquidity. Liquidity is cen-
uation and, in particular, the WHO’s lifting of the the valuation of the contingent purchase price pay- shareholder loans and current portion of condi- trally monitored at the Group’s headquarters in the
COVID-19 global health emergency in May 2023, ments under the strategic acquisition transaction. tional purchase price) of € 25,031K. The Group did Munich suburb of Martinsried/Planegg.
the innovative COVID-19 development project not have any bank loans during the period. During
FYB207 has been re-evaluated under careful con- During 2023, Formycon Group has continued to the first half, € 20,000K of the outstanding amount
sideration not only of scientific but also economic push forward with the development of its biosimilar under the shareholder loan was repaid, leaving an- Overview of financial position
and strategic factors. On the basis of this assess- projects in accordance with its business model. other € 20,000K drawn and outstanding as of the
ment, Formycon will continue to move forward with As a result of the out-licensing of FYB201 at the reporting date, out of a total current credit line of € The Group’s liquid and near-liquid assets, or more
FYB207 but in a resource-sparing manner, and with end of 2013 and FYB203 in 2015, Formycon gen- 48,000K. To further strengthen the Group’s finan- specifically working capital as described above,
the goal of transferring the project into a strategic erated significant revenue, as in previous years, cial structure, 910,000 newly issued shares were along with remaining availability under the share-
development partnership so that it can advance through ongoing contractual payments received privately placed on the capital market at a price of holder loans as of the reporting date, are sufficient
into the clinical development phase. It must be for development services that Formycon has been € 77.00 per share in an accelerated bookbuilding to ensure the financing of the development proj-
acknowledged, however, that the strategic focus of providing on behalf of the licensees. For both of process under exclusion of subscription rights. ects.
most potential industrial partners is now on other these projects, Formycon passes on costs incurred
priorities. Formycon will continue to pursue patent for development work and clinical studies to the As of June 30, 2023, the Group held cash and
applications, scientific advice meetings, and poten- respective licensees. cash equivalents in the amount of € 36,865K (Dec. Limiting of financial risks
tial opportunities for outside funding options with 31, 2022: € 9,820K) and working capital (including
the aim of ensuring that development work of this The commencement during the reporting period cash and cash equivalents) in the amount of € Formycon Group is not currently exposed to any
novel drug can be reactivated or accelerated at of development work on Formycon’s two new bio- 54,963K (Dec. 31, 2022: € 13,975K). The increase significant financial risks. Payment obligations in
any time as conditions change. similar candidates FYB208 and FYB209 led to an over to the prior year is due in large part to the foreign currencies (USD, GBP, CHF and JPY) are
increase in research and development expenses. capital increase transaction. Reference is made to not material to the Group. Interest rate risks are not
At the same time, the expenditures for the FYB206 the Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of significant.
development project are being capitalized and Cash Flows.
thus no longer included in research and devel-
opment expenses, thereby resulting in a net de- Investment analysis
Financial performance
crease compared to the prior-year period.
Significant investments in long-term assets cur-
The Group ended the first half of 2023 with an rently consist primarily of capitalized development
Financial management
During the first six months of 2023, Formycon equity ratio of 47%, unchanged from the prior year costs for the FYB202 and FYB206 projects. Sub-
Group generated revenue of € 43,789K compared (June 30, 2022: 47%). The Group’s non-current as- stantial and necessary items of property, plant and
to € 17,644K in the comparable prior-year period. sets are almost completely covered by equity and Principles and objectives equipment, primarily laboratory equipment, are
The sharp increase was mainly due to additional non-current liabilities from conditional purchase typically financed through lease agreements.
revenue resulting from the changes in the Group’s price payment obligations, which is suggestive of The guiding principle and central objective of For-
structure and from significant milestone payments a healthy balance sheet structure. Current assets mycon Group’s financial management is to ensure
realized from the FYB202 project under the new consist largely of liquidity and near-liquid assets, that sufficient liquidity is available in order for its
partnership with Fresenius Kabi. suggesting a low level of balance sheet risk. The development projects to be carried out according
increase in trade accounts receivable and other to plan.
In addition, government funding for the FYB207 receivables is mainly due to a receivable from
project in the amount of € 2,836K (1H 2022: € Fresenius Kabi for a contractual milestone payment
4,270K) was received during the period, serving which was paid in July 2023. Liquidity management
as an offset to R&D expenses. EBITDA for the pe-
riod was € 7,262K (1H 2022: negative € 7,588K), Current liabilities include the loan from Formycon Toward this end, expected cash flows from the
which reflects the sharp increase in revenue. shareholders in the amount of € 20,000K and the Group’s individual projects are regularly analyzed
Net profit for the period was € 1,804K (1H 2022: current portion of the conditional purchase price and updated so that Formycon is at all times able
€ 80,031K). Net profit in the prior-year period was payments in the amount of € 36,571K. The financial to maintain an overview of expected future project
extraordinarily high due to the non-recurring gain position of Formycon Group thus continues to be spending needs. With its five-year planning hori-
in the amount of € 88,562K from the revaluation of stable. As in the past, key liquidity indicators are zon, the Group is well able to anticipate changing
Formycon’s carried investment participation at the adequate, with current assets of € 83,395K offset needs and to take measures as necessary, thereby