72 INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 73
5. Operating segments
Measurement of
Basis for segmentation
fair values
A number of the Group’s accounting policies and Assumptions have been made in measuring fair The Group’s segments are defined on the basis of The business activity of all segments is biophar-
disclosures require the measurement of fair values in the following cases: the so-called “management approach” as maceutical development. With the exception of
values, for both financial and non-financial assets required by IFRS 8 (“Operating Segments”). FYB207, all of these are biosimilars, and thus the
and liabilities. — Subsequent valuation (revaluation) of Accordingly, the segments are determined, and operating activities do not differ significantly
conditional purchase price payments the disclosures for each segment made, based on between segments. For the purposes of internal
When measuring the fair value of an asset or arising from the 2022 business the criteria that the key decision makers use reporting, almost all of the Group’s costs are
liability, the Group uses observable market data combination transaction internally for allocating resources and assessing allocated to the individual projects.
as far as possible. Fair values are categorized into the profitability of the Group’s components. At
different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on Formycon, the key decision maker is the Execu- The Group’s business activities take place
the inputs used in the valuation techniques as tive Board, which allocates resources and exclusively within Germany. During the reporting
follows: evaluates segment performance on the basis of period, revenues were generated from Athos
4. Changes in accounting
the management reports submitted to it. The Group companies, from Bioeq AG, which is under
— Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active and valuation methods accompanying table “Financial performance by joint control, and from an unrelated company.
markets for identical assets and liabilities operating segment” was prepared in accordance During the reporting period, all revenues were
with this definition. In evaluating the performance thus generated from three major customers.
— Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices of the Group’s business segments, the Executive
included in Level 1 that are observable for The accounting principles applied in the prepara- Board relies upon operating profit/loss as the
the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as tion of these Financial Statements correspond in primary measure of profitability.
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) full to those used in the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements of Formycon The Executive Board monitors and directs
— Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liabil- Group for the fiscal year ending December 31, activities at the level of the Group’s individual
ity that are not based on observable 2022. development projects. Project progress, opera-
market data (unobservable inputs) tional performance and financial performance are
The amendments to existing International reported on a monthly basis along with a devia-
If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an Financial Reporting Standards regarding the tion analysis from the approved plan for each
asset or a liability are categorized in different classification of liabilities as non-current or project. The Group’s development projects thus
levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair current, the disclosure of accounting methods, the also represent the Group’s reportable segments.
value measurement is categorized in its entirety in definition of estimates and deferred tax assets
the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the and liabilities arising from a single transaction, as
lowest level input that is significant to the entire well as the first-time application of IFRS 17
measurement. (“Insurance Contracts”), all of which are to be
applied for the first time for fiscal years beginning
January 1, 2023, had no effect on the preparation
of these Financial Statements.