30 INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT FOR FORMYCON GROUP FORMYCON AG HALF-YEAR REPORT 2023 31
Report on business
performance
General economic conditions
Financial performance indicators Formycon holds a portfolio of partnered biosimilar Through close attention to the Group’s working The German economy has been in recession
candidates which, even after successful transfer capital, the Executive Board is able to monitor since the end of the first quarter of 2023. Following
In managing Formycon Group, the Executive Board to licensed or cooperation partnerships, generate liquidity needs and changes and to ensure that a 0.5% decline in the fourth quarter of 2022
relies upon a number of key financial performance revenue for Formycon from development work Formycon’s financial soundness is maintained into compared to the comparable prior-year quarter,
indicators. During the first half of 2023 as in performed, advance payments, milestone pay- the future. the economy again contracted again by 0.3% in
previous periods, these were primarily revenue, ments and license payments. the first quarter of 2023. This means that the
EBITDA, net profit/loss, and working capital. Working capital measures the extent to which cur- customary definition of a recession – two
In addition, Formycon has a number of its own bi- rent assets (receivables, contract assets, securities, consecutive quarters of GDP contraction – has
osimilar candidates whose research and develop- and cash and cash equivalents) exceed current technically been met.1
ment expenses are borne entirely by Formycon. As liabilities (excluding shareholder loans and the
the Group matures and undertakes more pipeline current portion of the conditional purchase price). As of the second quarter of 2023, the German
Key financial performance indicators
products for its own account, Formycon anticipates Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate
in accordance with IFRS
that its future research and development expenses All else being equal, a higher level of working cap- Action (BMKW) continued to see a difficult envi-
will continue to increase. At the same time, Formy- ital means a lower risk of liquidity shortfalls. Formy- ronment for the country’s economy, although the
In € million H1 2021 H1 2022 H1 2023 con estimates that the percentage of total revenue con’s goal is to maintain positive working capital. Ministry does not anticipate a prolonged or severe
from milestone and license payments will increase decline in GDP. In understanding the current weak-
Revenue 20.1 17.6 43.8 as the pipeline matures. These financial performance indicators are ness in the German economy, certain indicators
planned and continuously monitored on a Group- are contradictory: In the first quarter of 2023,
EBITDA – Earnings before Interest (meaning spe- wide basis. Formycon measures deviations be- investment activity rose sharply by 3.0%, while
EBITDA -9.7 -7.6 7.3
cifically finance income/expenses), Tax, Depreci- tween planned and actual financial performance capacity utilization in the manufacturing sector
ation and Amortization – is a common measure monthly, not only for Formycon Group as a whole remained above its long-term average.2
Net income -10.6 80.0 1.8
of operating profitability which excludes non-cash but also for the Formycon AG parent entity. These
depreciation of property, plant and equipment and key indicators are analyzed monthly as well as Although falling energy prices have served to
Working capital 29.4 30.7 55.0 amortization of intangible assets. Because EBITDA quarterly. The Executive Board also regularly re- dampen the rise in consumer prices since German
excludes certain expense items that are not direct- views the detailed business plan against these inflation peaked at 10.0% in November 20223,
ly related to current business operations, the Exec- actual monthly and quarterly figures. In managing increased prices continue to have a real and pal-
utive Board believes that the indicator is suitable the Group, the key financial performance indicators pable impact on household disposable income.
for measuring the Group’s operating performance. described above are supplemented by various For the month of June 2023, the German Federal
non-financial management indicators (see “Other Statistical Office reported an inflation rate of 6.4%4,
Period profit or loss (net income) is another key non-financial aspects” below). slightly higher than for the previous month. On
performance metric. The profit or loss for the June 15, 2023, the European Central Bank raised
current six-month period provides a bottom-line the benchmark interest rate for bank refinancings
measure of the profit contribution from the Group’s by 0.25 percentage points to 4.00% with the aim of
businesses and other areas of activity during the containing general price inflation.5 Market interest
period. Net profit/loss is thus likewise a financial rates, which have risen significantly since the initial
key performance indicator of Formycon’s overall rate hike, are increasingly placing a financial bur-
business model but which takes into account the den on both companies and private households
entirety of income and expenses during the peri- with new or re-priced borrowings, such as for in-
od, including taxes, as well as of any impact which vestment plans.
current financial performance might have on the
Group’s ability to carry out its strategic plan.
1 Statistisches Bundesamt (destatis) Pressemitteilung Nr. 203 vom 25. Mai 2023
2 BMWK, Die wirtschaftlichen Lage in Deutschland im Juni 2022
3 Statistisches Bundesamt (destatis) Pressemitteilung Nr. 529 vom 13. Dezember 2022
4 Statistisches Bundesamt (destatis) Pressemitteilung Nr. 255 vom 29. Juni 2023
5 Europäische Zentralbank, Pressemitteilung vom 15. Juni 2023