Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 50 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 51
subjects. With the acquisition of Clinical Research Legal risks or even entirely preclude, the regulatory approval binding periods, in order to retain market share. This
GmbH as a subsidiary company belonging to Formy- required for a biosimilar to reach market. Moreover, would improve its defensive competitive position
con Group, these risks are effectively assumed by Formycon does business in a competitive interna- the political and public policy environment, particu- against a new biosimilar entry and make it more
Formycon. tional environment and in highly regulated markets. larly in the European Union and the United States, difficult for the biosimilar to take share.
There is thus the possibility that Formycon could may have a significant influence on market oppor-
Formycon and Clinical Research GmbH manage be drawn into legal disputes which might even be tunities for biosimilars as a whole or within specific Through the experience and expertise of its staff
these risks through an appropriate industry-stan- unjustified or frivolous, which could, for example, areas of indication. For example, politically influ- and its strategic partners, the strategic positioning
dard monitoring and quality management system, be based upon patent law, competitive or antitrust enced changes to regulations governing biosimilars of its product development portfolio, and its strong
using a risk-based approach in order to assess and law, tax law or environmental law, or arising from and their interchangeability with the original patent financial footing, Formycon strives to face these
ensure quality and safety through all phases of the agreements or other contractual claims. Moreover, drugs may have an impact on competition or pricing competitive challenges. Nevertheless, it cannot be
clinical trial process. This includes but is not limited the possibility cannot be excluded that such legal and thus have a significant impact on sales revenue excluded that competitors might, in an unexpected
to ensuring the protection of clinical trial partici- actions might, whether through court judgements, for the biosimilar market as a whole and on future or unpredictable way, find themselves in an advan-
pants and the accuracy and reliability of the clinical binding arbitration or regulatory or other official Formycon-developed products in particular. Further- tageous competitive position relative to, and to the
trial results. Toward this end, predefined checks decisions, result in financial burdens which are, for more, the possibility cannot be ruled out, particularly detriment of, Formycon’s products.
are regularly carried out along the entire clinical example, not covered by insurance or only partially in the U.S., that a partial or complete government
investigation process as part of the risk control insured. shutdown could lead to delays in the regulatory Special risks relating to geopolitical events
system, with particular attention to relevant aspects approval process.
of proper medical care, patient protection and data Additional risks arise from the Group’s compliance The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine
integrity. Any liability risks which may nonetheless obligations. Actions or inactions by the Group could, Competitive risks involves risks that cannot yet be assessed but
arise are further managed through the insurance of for example, be legally contested, inadequate or un- which, in particular, have a bearing upon the cost
participating patients within the framework of legal timely financial communications could result in fines, The current aim of Formycon is to launch its prod- and availability of energy in Germany and may make
requirements. In the case of clinical trials involving or improperly conducted shareholder meetings or ucts, through its respective partners either entirely raw materials and preliminary products as well as
biosimilars, however, it should be noted that the shareholder resolutions could be disputed. With or in part, upon expiry of patent protection on the services which are important to Formycon more
risk of harm to participating patients or other test these risks in mind, Formycon assesses and moni- reference product in the respective market. Due to expensive or potentially even scarce. Formycon
subjects can generally be assessed as low because tors all of its relevant processes, procedures and de- Formycon’s positioning as an independent player strives to mitigate these risks through a long-term
the proteins employed have been in regular clini- cisions from a legal standpoint, using in house and/ within the biosimilars market space, situations may sourcing strategy based upon strategic partners and
cal use by the originator for a number of years and or outside expertise as necessary. The Group has, in arise in which a commercialization partner, such as transparent pricing. However, the possibility cannot
have already become an established therapy for the addition, introduced a compliance management sys- a partner company named in this report, is also a be ruled out that delays or interruptions in devel-
respective indication. tem that takes into account applicable legal and reg- competitor. In each market, Formycon must com- opment projects could occur as a result of a poten-
ulatory requirements, which are also incorporated pete not only with the manufacturer of the refer- tial scarcity of resources or rationing of energy, or
As clinical trial sponsor, Clinical Research GmbH is, into the Group’s Code of Conduct as well as other ence drug, who might attempt to defend its market that the development costs thereof could become
moreover, obligated to comply with detailed and Group policies and standard operating procedures. position and establish barriers to market entry significantly greater. The recruitment of patients for
rigorous regulatory requirements for good clinical The specific legal and regulatory requirements (e.g. through life-cycle management), but also with clinical studies could also be significantly impacted
practice (GCP) when conducting clinical trials of specifications are regularly reviewed and adjusted other biosimilar producers. These include not only by the conflict in Eastern Europe, which could have
medicinal products for human use under the EU as necessary. The Group’s internal training system, major pharmaceutical corporations such as Amgen, the effects of increasing competition for participat-
Clinical Trials Regulation, which apply to clinical trials random validation checks and case-by-case review Biocon, Biogen, Fresenius Kabi, Pfizer, Samsung ing study patients, of delaying clinical studies, or of
worldwide and which serve to protect patients and of specific individual situations that may arise further Bioepis, and Sandoz but also smaller and highly otherwise increasing costs.
ensure the integrity and correctness of the data and serve to ensure proper compliance with all applica- specialized biosimilars companies such as Alvotech,
findings generated through the trials. The clinical ble requirements. Celltrion and Xbrane. The competition situation in In addition, the Islamist militant group Hamas
trial sponsor, participating study centers and other each specific case will depend upon the pricing of launched a surprise attack on Israel from the Gaza
parties involved in the clinical trials process are Regulatory and political risks the reference drug as well as the pricing of any new Strip on October 7, 2023. The ongoing war between
regularly subject to GCP inspections by local health competitors in the market. It is, in addition, entirely Hamas and Israel currently represents one of the
authorities to ensure compliance with these GCP The requirements and conditions for the regula- possible that the manufacturer of the originator greatest geopolitical risks which could potentially
regulatory requirements. tory approval of drugs by the relevant authorities product might reduce its pricing upon the market impact Formycon’s current and future markets.
are subject to constant change. The risk cannot be entry of new and competing biosimilars, or seek to
excluded that these authorities might change the enter into discount agreements with health insurers There is significant uncertainty about the extent and
regulatory requirements in such a way as to impede, or other major buyers overextended contractually duration of disruptions which could directly or indi-