Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 36 Interim Management Report of Formycon Group — Formycon AG Half-Year Report 2024 37
at approx. € 30 billion in the years between 2030 Formycon is able to take satisfaction from the com- of 2024 which will enable the commercial launch action in the early part of the year, Formycon was
and 2032. Over the next 10 years, the largest num- mercial performance of its first biosimilar product, of the biosimilar in Europe and Canada. It was able to raise € 82.84 million against the issuance of
bers of LoE opportunities for biosimilars are expect- FYB201. In the United States, Formycon’s initial dis- agreed that the terms of the agreement will remain new shares amounting to 9.08% of total capital. The
ed to be in the areas of oncology (24%), immunolo- tribution partner Coherus BioSciences, Inc. was able confidential. U.S. market entry, under a separate two companies share not only a strong conviction in
gy (11%) and blood disorders (10%).1 to successfully launch this new Lucentis® biosimilar agreement concluded last year covering the United the enormous potential of biosimilars but also areas
under the U.S. trade name CIMERLI® and secure States, is expected no later than April 15, 2025. of strategic overlap. The investment transaction
Summary statement of Executive Board on significant market share, even against biosimilar specifically opens up future, long-term strategic op-
business performance and economic environment competitors. According to information from Coherus An important further milestone was achieved portunities to jointly exploit synergies in the areas of
BioSciences, Inc., U.S. sales of CIMERLI® totaled during the first half with the approval of FYB203, drug development, manufacturing and commercial
Formycon can look back upon a very successful first USD 32.4 million as of March 31, 2024.3 Following Formycon’s biosimilar to Eylea®. On June 28, 2024, value streams.
half of the fiscal year, with significant operational, the strategic realignment of Coherus BioSciences, FYB203/AHZANTIVE®6 received FDA approval for
commercially, regulatory and clinical progress in its Inc., the marketing rights for CIMERLI® along with the treatment of patients with neovascular (“wet”) The proceeds from the capital increase will primarily
various ongoing development projects. The devel- the Coherus BioSciences ophthalmic sales team age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) and be used to push forward with development efforts in
opment of Formycon’s commercial partnerships, were transferred with effect from March 1, 2024 to other serious eye diseases such as diabetic macular Formycon’s existing biosimilar pipeline, in particular
product sales and financing activities has likewise Sandoz AG, which thereby took over the distribution edema (DME), diabetic retinopathy (DR) and macu- the FYB206, FYB208 and FYB209 projects. In addi-
been highly satisfactory. of CIMERLI® within the United States. As of April 30, lar edema due to retinal vein occlusion (RVO). The tion, the launch of development work on FYB210, a
2024, CIMERLI®’s market share of the U.S. ranibi- decision on approval in Europe is expected by the new biosimilar candidate, is planned for the second
Consolidated first-half financial figures for Formycon zumab market was 45.1%.4 beginning of 2025 at the latest. MS Pharma will be half of the year.
Group were in line with expectations. In addition to responsible for marketing FYB203 in the Middle
significant sales revenue following the successful Within the UK, Formycon’s distribution partner Teva East and North Africa (MENA) region. Negotiations
commercialization and market launch of FYB201 Pharmaceuticals Inc. has 79% of the ranibizumab regarding commercialization partnerships for the
in the UK, the United States and individual EU market for the relevant indications under the trade U.S. and Europe are currently in an advanced stage.
countries, as well as revenue from the provision of name Ongavia® and has thus already established a While no agreement has yet been reached with the
development services for Formycon’s out-licensed very strong market position.5 manufacturer of the reference drug, Regeneron
biosimilar candidates, period revenue of € 26,893K Pharmaceuticals, Inc., regarding a potential market
also includes pro rata realizations of milestone pay- FYB201 was introduced into additional markets launch date, intensive negotiations are in progress.
ments from the FYB202 commercialization partner- during the first half of 2024, including Canada and The FYB206 project entered the clinical phase with
ship with Fresenius Kabi AG. Consolidated EBITDA Saudi Arabia. As of the reporting date, FYB201 is the successful recruitment of the first patient into
for the period of negative € 16,904K was largely now being actively marketed in a total of 19 coun- phase I trials to compare the pharmacokinetics (PK),
attributable to research and development expenses tries. safety and tolerability of FYB206 with the reference
as well as general and administrative expenses. For- drug Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) in patients with
mycon Group’s liquidity position remained stable at Formycon’s participation in the overall commercial malignant melanoma, a particularly aggressive form
€ 40.7 million as of June 30, 2024, supported by the success of FYB201 is reflected in Adjusted EBITDA of skin cancer. A parallel phase III study will compare
capital increase carried out in February, generating for the period, further details of which may be found the safety and efficacy of FYB206 to Keytruda® in
gross issuance proceeds of approx. € 82.8 million. in the segment reporting section of the Condensed patients with non-small cell lung cancer. Recruitment
Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial State- is scheduled to commence in the second half of the
The global market for biosimilars continued its ments (p. 68/69). year.
growth dynamic, with signs for the future pointing
towards continued expansion. The global biosimilar In the case of FYB202, Formycon’s candidate bio- With the entry of Hungarian specialty pharmaceuti-
market is expected to grow to more than USD 100 similar to Stelara®, a settlement agreement was con- cal company Gedeon Richter as a strategic investor
billion by 2032.2 cluded with Johnson & Johnson during the first half through its participation in the capital increase trans-
1 https://www.iqvia.com/insights/the-iqvia-institute/reports-and-publications/ 3 https://investors.coherus.com/news-releases/news-release-details/ 6 AHZANTIVE® is a registered trademark of Klinge Biopharma GmbH
2 https://www.centerforbiosimilars.com/view/global-biosimilar-market- coherus-biosciences-reports-first-quarter-2024-financial-results
projected-to-reach-1-3-trillion-by-2032 4 IQVIA Weekly WSP Data
5 IQVIA 04/2024 Monthly Data R3M = Rolling three Month