Free translation of the Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2024 Management report
4. Key operating and financial events
4.1 ROVI informs on some of the results expected by the market consensus
ROVI informed the market (by publication of the inside information number 2595 dated 7 February 2024) that in the
context of the preliminary closing of the year 2024, and in relation to the Company’s EBITDA levels at the end of said
year, the Company forecasts that said EBITDA levels will be lower, within a range of between 10% and 15%, than the
2024 EBITDA levels according to the market consensus.
This revision of the market consensus in relation to the EBITDA is due basically to lower expected activity in the contract
manufacturing business (CDMO) during the fourth quarter of 2024.
Following the publication of the 2024 full-year results, ROVI maintains its previously announced guidance for the current
year 2025 as set out in the Outlook section above.
4.2 ROVI completes the strategic review of its CDMO business
ROVI informed the market (by publication of the inside information number 2415 dated 24 October 2024) on the
assessment it had made in the previous months of strategic alternatives for its assets, including a potential corporate
transaction of ROVI relating to its third party contract development and manufacturing business (“CDMO”) that after the
assessment and analysis of the non-binding offers received by investment funds and industrial companies, ROVI’s Board
of Directors concluded that, given the strength, momentum and prospects of this business, the best way to maximize
value for shareholders at this time is to continue executing on the Company’s standalone strategic plan, with the interest
of the CDMO business best served and developed under the current ROVI group structure, with no entry of third party
investors.
Over the past five years, ROVI has invested substantial capital to build global leadership in sterile fill & finish (F&F)
capacity and technology services. With these recent investments, and with current expansions underway, ROVI expects
to significantly increase its current sterile capacity at its FDA and EMA / EU GMP Annex-1 compliant facilities in Spain.
This will allow ROVI to continue to capitalize on the imbalance between the available capacity and the rising demand
across the sterile fill & finish market, building on recent momentum with the addition of a high-volume product from a
global pharmaceutical customer and the good drive in commercial activity and alliance opportunities across strategic
high-growth modalities – including innovative biologics, biosimilars, vaccines and novel modalities for pre-filled syringes
and cartridges.
“The Board of Directors appreciates all of the hard work put into the strategic review process by the Company and its
advisors. I am pleased with the process that was undertaken, which has ultimately made us conclude that the CDMO
business will drive the highest shareholder value within the current ROVI Group structure” said Mr. Juan López-Belmonte
Encina, Chairman and CEO of ROVI. “We remain excited about the near- and long-term potential of our globally leading
CDMO business to became a world leader, given the attractive market dynamics and the pride we take in supporting the
manufacture of medicines that are able to prolong the life of millions of people” added Mr. Javier López-Belmonte Encina,
Vice President and CFO of ROVI.
4.3 ROVI's Share Buy-Back Programme
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 1926 dated 26th of July 2023) that the Company
launched, effective as of 26 July, 2023, a share buy-back programme (the “Buy-Back Programme”), in accordance with
the following terms:
– Purpose and scope: the Buy-back Program’s purpose is to redeem own shares of ROVI (share capital
reduction) and, at the same time, boost the remuneration of the ROVI shareholder by increasing the profit per
share.
– Term: from 26 July 2023, and for a period of 12 months.
– Maximum monetary amount: up to 130,000,000 euros, provided that the maximum price per share may not
exceed that provided for by article 3.2 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052.
The authorization granted by the general shareholders’ meeting of the Company on 17 June 2021 established
(a) a minimum price for the acquisition corresponding to the nominal value of the acquired shares and (b) a
maximum price for the acquisition corresponding to a price not above the highest between (i) the last
transaction carried out on the market by independent parties and (ii) the highest price of a purchase order
amongst those contained in the orders book.
4