Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
These financial assets are recognized initially at fair value, including transaction costs directly attributable to them,
and subsequently measured at amortized cost, recognizing the interest accrued in accordance with the effective
interest rate, defined as the discount rate that equals the carrying amount of the instrument to the totality of its
estimated cash flows until maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, credits for trading operations maturing at more
than one year are measured, both upon initial recognition and subsequently, at their face value, provided that the
effect of not discounting the flows is not significant.
At least at the end of the reporting period, the measurement adjustments required due to impairment will be made
if there is objective evidence that not all the amounts outstanding will be received.
The amount of the impairment loss is the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows, discounted at an effective interest rate upon initial recognition.
Impairment losses and, if applicable, the reversal thereof are recognized in profit and loss.
b) Held-to-maturity investments: Held-to-maturity financial assets are securities representing debt with fixed or
determinable payments and fixed maturities that are traded on an active market and that company Management
has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. If the Company were to sell other than an insignificant
amount of held-to-maturity financial assets, the whole category would be reclassified as available for sale. Held-
to-maturity financial assets are included in non-current assets, except for those with maturities at less than 12
months after the reporting date, which are classified as current assets.
The measurement criteria for these investments are the same as for loans and receivables.
c) Investments in the equity of group, multi-group and associated companies: These are measured at cost less, if
applicable, the accumulated amount of the impairment losses. Notwithstanding, when there is an investment prior
to the classification as a group, multi-group or associated company, the carrying amount before being thus
classified is deemed to be an investment cost. Previous value adjustments recorded directly in the equity remain
there until they are derecognized.
If there is objective evidence that the carrying amount is not recoverable, the applicable value adjustments will be
made for the difference between the carrying amount and the recoverable amount, defined as the higher of the
fair value less sale costs and the present value of the cash flows derived from the investment. Unless there is
other evidence of the recoverable amount, when estimating the impairment of these investments, the equity of the
investee adjusted by any tacit capital gains that may exist at the measurement date, will be used. The value
adjustment and, if applicable, the reversal thereof, will be recognized in profit and loss in the period in which it
takes place.
d) Available-for-sale financial assets: This category includes securities representing debt and equity instruments not
classified in any of the preceding categories. They are included in non-current assets unless Management intends
to dispose of the investment within the 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
They are measured at fair value, recognizing any changes that take place directly in the equity until the asset is
disposed of or impaired, when the losses and gains accumulated in the equity are taken to profit and loss,
provided it is possible to determine the aforementioned fair value. Otherwise, they are recognized at cost less
impairment losses.
14