Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: "2024 is
a year of transition that is critically important
in establishing the bases for ROVI’s future
growth. In this context, we are very excited
about the FDA’s approval for the marketing
of Risvan® in the United States. This event is
a unique milestone in the Company’s history,
since it is the first of our own products to
receive marketing authorisation in the
United States, a market with great value-
added, since it is the largest market in the
world for long-acting injectable
antipsychotics. Likewise, we continue to
consolidate our international presence with
Okedi® with the approval of the product in
Canada and Australia. We believe in
Okedi®'s potential and have increased sales
in countries where the product had already
been launched, multiplying sales by 2.4 times
to 5.4 million euros in the first quarter of 2024. Innovation is one of ROVI’s hallmarks.
We continue to progress with the phase I clinical trial of the three-monthly
formulation of letrozole (Letrozol LEBE) and the phase I clinical trial in Europe of our
three-monthly formulation of risperidone, reflecting a clear commitment to our ISM®
technology, which we hope will be one of the Company’s growth drivers in the future.
Additionally, in March 2024, we announced the incorporation of a public-private
investment vehicle to develop advanced, innovative and emerging medicines,
therapies and/or technologies jointly with Insud Pharma S.L. and Innvierte Economía
Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment company of Centro para el Desarrollo
Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI). This represents an opportunity to contribute to
placing Spain in a leading position in the clinical research of new therapies, with the
capacity to translate this research into manufacturing and thus improve the
availability of new therapies to patients. Since the first COVID-19 vaccines were
launched in December 2020, ROVI as a manufacturer of the Moderna vaccine, has
been a fundamental pillar in providing a swift, flexible, and effective response to take
the COVID-19 vaccine to all corners of the planet. We remain committed to the
technological and qualitative standard of our CDMO business and continue to invest
to increase our production capacities and be able to produce many more
pharmaceutical units in the future. Additionally, in January 2024, we received FDA
approval for the manufacture of the active substance of the COVID-19 vaccines at our
Granada plant. This, together with the FDA approval received in September 2023 for
our injectables manufacturing plants in Madrid, San Sebastián de los Reyes and
Alcalá de Henares for the fill and finish of COVID-19 vaccine syringes, shows our
commitment to the quality and safety of our service. Our low-molecular-weight
heparin business decreased 8%, mainly due to the lower volume of orders from
partners, who still hold high inventory levels from the fourth quarter of 2023. We
remain committed to our heparin division and are investing to become self-sufficient
6