ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
declined in 2020; (ii) an increase in costs related primarily to the protection of ROVI employees (personal protective equipment, cleaning
supplies and disinfectant, etc.) and the adaptation of IT systems and equipment to facilitate remote work; and (iii) reduced commercial
costs due to the reduction in commercial activity because of the restrictions on medical visits.
The slowdown in consumption or the adoption of measures by governments to contain pharmaceutical spending may have an impact on
the pharmaceutical industry as a whole in the future.
(ii) Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing its products are
supplied.
The principal raw material for manufacture of our two low-molecular-weight heparins (bemiparin and the enoxaparin biosimilar) is sodium
heparin, which is obtained from pig mucosa. Therefore, any disease that affects pigs may have an effect on the global heparin market by
affecting either the supply or the prices.
Since the end of 2018, there has been an outbreak of swine fever in China, the main producer of pork and pork derivatives worldwide
which was declared to be “under control” by Chinese authorities in July 2019. This has already affected prices, which had been increasing
but started to stabilise in the second half of 2020.
(iii) Actions by competitors that have had a negative impact on ROVI's turnover.
Because of the highly competitive nature of the pharmaceutical market, ROVI's turnover in 2020 was negatively impacted as a result of the
launch of hybrid and generic products by competitors, which in turn led to a reduction in the price of certain ROVI products.
The Company has applied the supervision and control systems and response plans described in section E.6 to the risks mentioned in this
section and considers that they have operated correctly to foresee and detect the occurrence of risks and minimise their impact.
E.6. Explain the response and monitoring plans for all major risks of the company, including tax compliance risks,
as well as the procedures followed by the company in order to ensure that the board of directors respond to
any new challenges that arise.
ROVI permanently monitors and is alert to any risks that might have an adverse effect on its business activities, applying the appropriate
mechanisms to manage them and continually developing contingency plans able to reduce or offset their impact. Among them, we highlight
the fact that the Group: (i) continues with the diversification of suppliers of raw materials and other packaging materials necessary for the
manufacture of its products; (ii) continues to pursue its goal of constantly opening up new markets through its international expansion
project; (iii) continues to enhance is processes and controls, including those related to the internationalisation process; (iv) is working
intensively to maintain broad and diversified portfolios of products and customers; (v) perseveres each year with an internal savings plan,
which has focused mainly on improving the efficiency of its internal and external operating processes; (vi) the Group performs strict credit
control and carries out effective cash management, which ensures that sufficient working capital is generated and maintained to permit day-
to-day transactions to be performed; (vii) the Group has an exhaustive tax compliance risk control system and external advisors who review
the preparation and filing of the various taxes, as well as the tax decisions made by the Group; and (viii) the Group has intensified its efforts
to mitigate the risk of cyberattacks by raising the awareness of staff and conducting cybersecurity reviews.
38 / 65