Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
There are trademarks and licences with indefinite useful lives, which are tested for impairment annually. An impairment
loss is recognized when the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable value. The recoverable value is the higher
of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. In order to assess impairment losses, assets are grouped
at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows that are largely independent (cash-generating
units). Previous impairment losses on non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed at each reporting date to
see whether they can be reversed.
Intangible assets in progress are shown at cost less impairment provision, if applicable.
(b) Computer software
Computer software maintenance costs are recognized as expenses when incurred. Development expenses directly
attributable to designing and testing computer programmes that are identiable and unique and that may be controlled by
the Group are recognized as intangible assets when the following conditions are met:
• It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so it can be available for use or sale;
• Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
• The entity has the capacity to use or sell the intangible asset;
• It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the
future;
• There are the proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or
sell the intangible asset; and
• It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
Directly attributable costs that are capitalized as part of the computer software include the costs of the employees
developing said programmes and an appropriate percentage of overheads.
Expenses that do not meet these criteria are recognized as expenses when incurred. Expenditure on an intangible asset
initially recognized in profit and loss will not subsequently be recognized as intangible assets.
Computer software has a useful life from 4 to 10 years.
(c) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognized as an expense when incurred. Costs incurred in development projects (relating to
the design and testing of new or improved products) are recognized as intangible assets when the following
requirements are met:
• It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so it can be available for use or sale;
• Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
• There is the capacity to use or sell the intangible asset;
• It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the future;
• There are the proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or sell
the intangible asset; and
• It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
14