LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Stakeholders3 Number IRO Evaluation
Internal
Area managers 15 IROs area of knowledge
Workforce 21 Impacts
Own operations
Shareholders and investors 2 Risks and opportunities
Suppliers 3 Impacts
Customers 3 Impacts
Healthcare professionals, customers,
3 Impacts
scientific community
Society 2 Impacts
Determination phase
Lastly, after the analysis of the results obtained in the assessment phase, the material topics and IROs were determined with
the internal stakeholders. The objective of the determination phase is to understand the interests and views of the
stakeholders in the assessments conducted and to validate the material matters and IROs with them. Said assessments
provided valuable information on stakeholder views, needs and expectations.
ii. Consideration of stakeholder views
ROVI is aware of the need to take the interests, concerns and suggestions of the stakeholder groups into consideration and,
therefore, undertakes to analyse the issues raised, be they positive or negative, in order to develop implementation or
mitigation measures in its strategy and business model. The approach seeks, firstly, to make a contribution and generate
positive impacts on the environment in which it operates, in addition to exploring the opportunities identified in the double
materiality process. Furthermore, it seeks to reduce or mitigate any possible negative impacts that it may have on its
stakeholders, society or the environment, as well as to manage the risks identified.
In this respect, ROVI undertakes to integrate the interests and views of its stakeholders that materialised in the results of the
double materiality assessment into the design of its new ESG Master Plan in 2025. This is likely to help strengthen the
relationship with stakeholders, who will see that their main priorities and concerns have been addressed proactively. This
ongoing process will ensure that the strategy is in line with stakeholder expectations and will contribute to the sustainable
development of the Company.
iii. Process of reporting to the administrative , management and supervisory bodies
In order to ensure the correct implementation of the double materiality process and adopt a comprehensive standpoint on
sustainability, ROVI actively engaged several area heads in decision-making related to said assessment. This included the
validation of impacts, risks and opportunities, the assessment thereof, the selection of the stakeholders who took part during
the year and, lastly, the validation of results.
Communication with area managers took place through periodic meetings and the results of the study were shared with the
different Group departments. During these meetings, the main concerns of the stakeholders on sustainability issues were
transmitted.
To meet the commitment to transparency and ensure smooth communication with the administrative and supervisory bodies,
the final results were shared with Senior Management when the double materiality process ended and presented to the Board
of Directors of the Group in December 2024. These results will allow said bodies to make informed decisions and contribute to
an appropriate management of sustainability-related impacts, adopt measures to mitigate the risks identified and take
3
Regulatory bodies were not engaged due to their status as public bodies.
20