LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Governance information
1. ESRS G1. Business conduct
The objective of this chapter is to specify ROVI’s strategy, approach, processes and procedures, as well as its performance in
respect of business conduct.
Likewise, details are given of how the Company addresses ethics and corporate culture, including anti-corruption and bribery,
management of relationships with suppliers, and the Group’s activities and commitments related to exerting political influence.
a. Strategy
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 GOV-1: The role of administrative,
management and supervisory bodies
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the role and experience of the administrative,
management and supervisory bodies in relation to business conduct.
ROVI, as an entity committed to transparency and good corporate governance, encourages its administrative, management and
supervisory bodies to play an essential role in promoting ethical and responsible business conduct. ROVI’s Board of Directors is
responsible for establishing policies and strategies that provide guidance to the Company in meeting its corporate objectives,
while, at the same time, ensuring that all the operations are carried out with integrity and in accordance with the applicable
legislation. In turn, the management body implements these policies, ensuring that a corporate culture that prioritises social well-
being in all its activities is maintained. Finally, the supervisory bodies, such as the Audit Committee and the Compliance
Committee, have the task of independently monitoring and evaluating compliance with these policies and procedures, ensuring
that ROVI’s business conduct remains aligned with ethical and governance standards.
ROVI’s internal corporate governance rules are in line with the Good Governance Code of Listed Companies approved by the
National Securities Market Commission (CNMV) in 2015 and most recently updated in 2020. Likewise, it complies with the
CNMV’s Technical Guide 1/2024 on Audit Committees at Public-Interest Entities and Technical Guide 1/2019 on Nomination and
Remuneration Committees.
As a result of this approach, ROVI promotes honest conduct in its interactions with its stakeholders, establishing a relationship
of mutual trust that helps satisfy their interests, needs and expectations.
Likewise, both the governing bodies and senior management have the necessary experience in business conduct and the
members of both were selected on the basis of their knowledge and experience in the specific areas covered by the bodies or
committees to which they belong. Specifically, candidates for ROVI’s Board of Directors are selected by the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee based on their professional qualifications and integrity, as well as their capacity to perform the role
and their compatibility status.
ROVI also reviews the training plan annually in order to ensure the directors knowledge is continuously updated. In this respect,
the members of the governing bodies receive recurrent training in relation to regulatory compliance and business conduct, which
ensures they have full knowledge of these aspects and keeps them updated.
140