Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
b) Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of the annual accounts requires the Company to use certain estimates and judgements in relation to the
future that are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and
assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
within the next reporting period are outlined below.
b.1) Revenue recognition
The Company has recognised the total sales of goods marketed in 2020 and 2019 as revenue and, where applicable,
has claimed late-payment interest from the public authorities. The buyer has the right to return the goods sold. Although
the Company believes that, based on previous experience, the level of returns will not be very meaningful, ROVI has
recognised ordinary revenue for its sales together with the related provision against ordinary revenue for estimated
returns. If the estimate changes by 1%, changes in revenue will not be significant.
b.2) Capitalisation of development expenses
The Company considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, an enoxaparin biosimilar, has
met all the requirements since the last quarter of 2014, when the application to obtain marketing authorisation for this
biosimilar in Europe was filed with the European health authorities. Therefore, from that time until the beginning of the
effective marketing of this biosimilar in Europe, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalised. The
commencement of the amortisation of this asset was determined by the completion, with a favourable result, of the
decentralised procedure used by the Company to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union
countries in the first quarter of 2017. These assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of
pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI considers that it will obtain a positive return on the aforementioned development
over said period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Company considers that the
requirements established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
b.3) Co-operation Agreement between the government and Farmaindustria
In 2016, Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry association, and the Spanish government signed a co-
operation agreement. After subsequent renewals, this agreement was in force until 31 December, 2019. According to the
agreement, in the event that public spending on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilars) exceeded the actual
growth rate of the GDP of the Spanish economy, the pharmaceutical industry had to reimburse the government for said
excess in cash. ROVI has recognised the estimated amount of this item as a decrease in sales.
Although Farmaindustria and the Spanish government have not yet signed a new co-operation agreement applicable to
2020, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry and ROVI consider that the parties will finally reach an agreement affecting
said period. Therefore, ROVI has recognised the estimated amount of this item as a decrease in sales in 2020.
When determining the amount for 2020, ROVI has considered that the pharmaceutical industry will reimburse the amount
of the increase in public spending on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilar) estimated by Farmaindustria to the
government.
8