Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
7. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SOCIETY
7.1.- Commitment to sustainable development
ROVI carries on its activity at different work centres located in Madrid, Alcalá de Henares, Pozuelo de Alarcón and San
Sebastián de los Reyes (Region of Madrid) and in Granada (Andalusia). It also has an extensive sales network deployed
throughout Spanish territory and composed of more than 250 people. It has opened subsidiaries in Germany, France,
Italy, Poland, Portugal and the United Kingdom. From these subsidiaries, ROVI contributes to local development by
creating and maintaining stable, high-quality employment, where 53% of its employees hold a university degree. In 2019,
ROVI’s growth continued along an upward path, as may be seen from the employee data shown in Section 4.1
Employment in this report. Recently, it has announced the future construction of a new production centre in the province
of Granada, which will mean new jobs will be created for qualified workers.
Aware of the need to contribute, as a company, to the economic and social development of the areas where it is present,
ROVI carries out a large variety of activities locally, seeking the general goals of actively contributing to social progress,
promoting health, fomenting research, a commitment to training and environmental protection. Some of the actions taken
in 2019 are listed below:
Social protection and integration
• Fundación Manantial, with which ROVI has started an employment program at the Alcalá de Henares plant for
people with mental illnesses.
• Down Granada works helping young people in Granada with Down’s Syndrome to enter the labour market in
local companies and has co-operated with ROVI in training one of its young women to perform administrative
tasks at the plant in the Health Technology Park (Granada).
• Fundación Prodis, with which ROVI has expanded its employment program for young people with intellectual
disabilities through a recruit at the Pozuelo offices (Madrid).
• Granada Red Cross, with which ROVI co-operates on its assistance and protection projects for children and
elderly people in the province of Granada.
• Proyecto Hombre Granada, through the Capacitics program, aimed to train mothers, fathers and education
professionals as instructors in the use of ICT by young people and adolescents.
Persons with disabilities
• Fundación Prodis, whose employment centre has carried out various printing jobs for ROVI, such as T-shirts,
caps, etc. In 2019, Prodis designed 1,300 reusable bottles that were distributed to ROVI employees to
encourage a reduction is single-use plastics during the #PlásticosCero. Campaign.
• ISS Facility Services (Gelim), which provides cleaning services at ROVI’s offices.
• Ilunion, which provides laundry services for plant clothing.
• Fundación También, with which ROVI co-operates to organise corporate volunteering (see below) and to
purchase material for adaptive skiing in Sierra Nevada (Granada).
• Fundación Deporte & Desafío, which ROVI supports in training ski monitors for adaptive skiing, as well as the
skiing training course for people with disabilities that takes place every year in Sierra Nevada (Granada).
32