Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
Finally, after completion of the Buy-back Programme, ROVI informed of the resumption, as of 12 June 2024, of
transactions under the liquidity contract signed between the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. for management of the
Company’s treasury shares, of which the market was informed on 5 April 2022 in the pertinent announcement of other
relevant information (register number 15427). When the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the liquidity contract was
suspended for the duration of the Programme, in accordance with CNMV Circular 1/2017 of 26 April, Provision Five, 2.c).
Likewise, the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. decided to modify the balances of securities and cash associated to the
Liquidity Contract in the terms reported to the market as other relevant information on the same date.
ROVI announces an agreement for the manufacture of prefilled syringes
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (hereinafter, “ROVI”), informed (by publication of the inside information number
2207 dated 25th April 2024) that its subsidiary, ROVI’s wholly owned CDMO platform, ROVI Pharma Industrial Services,
S.A.U. (hereinafter “ROIS”) had entered into an agreement to support the manufacture of pre-filled syringes for a global
pharmaceutical company.
Under the terms of the agreement, ROIS will provide a high-speed production line at the ROIS’ San Sebastián de los
Reyes facility in Madrid, with an estimated annual capacity of 100 million units. The agreement includes the technology
transfer for aseptic filling and has a commercial production term of five years subject to the terms of the agreement,
beginning on the date of manufacture of the first commercial lot. After the technology transfer and regulatory approval,
commercial production is expected to commence in 2026. As from 2027, which is expected to be the first full recurrent
manufacturing year, the ROVI´s Group CDMO division expects to have a positive revenues increase impact ranging
between 20% and 45% over 2023 sales.
ROIS is well-equipped to support the production of pre-filled syringes given its deep expertise in the current good
manufacturing practice (cGMP) production of sterile injectable products across both vials and pre-filled syringes.
Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: “We are delighted to be able to
support in the manufacture of medicine that is able to prolong the life of millions of people. Our proven experience in the
manufacture of high-valued-added injectables and the expansion of our production capacities have positioned us to help
meet the rapidly growing demand, which requires a high degree of technological capability.”
ROVI receives FDA approval for Risvan® as a treatment for schizophrenia
ROVI announced (in relevant information publication number 27772 of 2 April 2024) the marketing authorisation for
Risvan® (Risperidone ISM® in the United States for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and patented by ROVI for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults, which, as of the first injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does
not require loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
This approval is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the efficacy and safety of Risperidone
ISM® in schizophrenia patients(3) The results obtained in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg and 100 mg
once a month) have achieved the prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of patients with
moderate to severe symptoms of schizophrenia. The primary efficacy endpoint, the PANSS(4) total score (mean
difference, CI: 95%), improved significantly with Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85,
with adjusted differences of -13.0 (17.3 to -8-8; p <0.0001) and -13.3 (17.6 to -8.9; p<0.0001), respectively, in comparison
with the placebo. Significantly improved mean changes for the secondary endpoint, the CGI-S score(5), were also
obtained for Risperidone ISM® in comparison with the placebo, -0.7 (-1.0 to -0.5; p<0.0001), for both doses, from the
beginning until day 85. The significant statistical improvement for both efficacy results was observed as early as 8 days
after the first injection. The most frequently reported treatment-emergent adverse events were increased blood prolactin
(7.8%), headaches (7.3%), hyperprolactinemia (5%) and weight increase (4.8%). No important new or unexpected safety
information was reported. Likewise, patients who successfully completed the double-blind period were offered the
opportunity to continue in a long-term, open-label 12-month extension phase with once every four weeks injections of
Risperidone ISM® (75 mg or 100 mg). New, clinically stable patients ("de novo" patients) were also able to enter this
open phase of the study. Long-term treatment was observed to be effective, safe and well tolerated in adult patients with
3 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://
doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
4 Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale: the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale is a medical scale based on a semi-structured interview that rates the severity of the symptoms of
schizophrenia patients in three domains: positive symptoms, negative symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms.
5 Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale: la escala de Impresión Clínica Global–Gravedad rates the severity of schizophrenia through a question put to the doctor: “Considering your
total clinical experience with this particular population, how mentally ill is the patient at this time?”.
36