Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
f. Any item of compensation other than the above, irrespective of its nature or the group company that paid it,
especially when classified as a related transaction or when its omission would distort the true and fair view of
the total compensation received by the director: not applicable.
2. Individual breakdown of any awards made to directors of shares, share options or any other instrument linked to
share price, stating:
a. The number of shares or options awarded in the year and the conditions applicable for exercising them;
b. The number of options exercised during the year, indicating the number of shares involved and the
exercise price.
c. The number of options pending exercise at the year end, indicating price, date, and other exercise
requirements;
d. Any amendment during the year of the conditions for exercising of options already awarded.
In 2017 and 2016, no shares, options or other instruments linked to the share value were given to directors.
3. Information on the relationship, in the last year, between compensation received by executive directors and
results or other measurements of the Company’s performance:
Thousands of euros
2017 2016
Compensation of executive directors 1,130 1,129
Profit attributable to the Company 18,673 29,932
Compensation of executive directors/Profit attributable to the
Company 6,05% 3,77%
b) Compensation and loans to senior management
The total compensation paid to members of senior management in 2017, excluding the compensation received by the
executive directors described in points a)1.c) and a)1.f above, was 1,465 thousand euros (1,611 thousand euros in
2016).
No loans were granted to members of senior management in the last two years.
The Company holds a liability insurance policy for directors and senior management. A premium of 12 thousand euros
accrued for this policy in 2017.
c) Conflicts of interest on the part of the directors
In compliance with their duty to avoid situations where conflict with the Company’s interests exists, the directors who held
office on the Board of Directors during the year met the obligations set forth in article 228 of the revised text of the
Capital Companies Act. Likewise, both they and the persons related to them refrained from entering into the situations of
conflict of interests provided for in article 229 of said Act.
57