LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Likewise, in 2024, ROVI began to carry out controls of the boiler emissions more often than required by the regulations.
Furthermore, the Group’s control procedures began to be conducted annually at all its locations. Previously, these procedures
were not carried out annually, but it was decided to adopt this frequency to ensure more exhaustive monitoring.
Pollution of water
Regarding water pollution, visual inspections are conducted in all the areas where chemical products may be stored to ensure
they are in good condition and avoid possible accidental discharges.
Likewise, in 2012 at the Julián Camarillo plant, two diesel oil tanks were removed, leaving two pockets of diesel oil in the soil.
ROVI commenced a monitoring process to control the amount of diesel oil present in the pockets and assess the progress of the
remediation system implemented, while, at the same time, checking the groundwater to confirm that there had been no impact
on it. At present, after several years of work, levels considerably lower than those required by current regulations have been
achieved and, therefore, the conclusion of this process has been requested.
Pollution of soil
Soil pollution is not considered material for ROVI in its own operations.. Notwithstanding, the Group has a control process to
prevent soil pollution which, depending on the plant, is carried out every 5-8 years.
Additionally, at the San Sebastián de los Reyes plant, work was carried out in 2024 to increase by 100% the actions aimed at
supervising the use of absorbents to control minor spills. The expense associated to this action totalled €653.70.
Microplastics
At present, ROVI does not take any action that enables it to understand whether, as a result of either its production process or
the subsequent marketing and distribution of medicines, it might generate microplastics that could potentially pollute the
environment.
Lastly, it should be noted that the consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and
Equipment” and Note 7 “Intangible Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in
Note 25 “Other Operating Expenses”.
b. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement E2-3: Targets related to pollution
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the targets set by ROVI to support the pollution-related actions
taken and to address the material impacts associated to them.
Regarding air pollution, the Group’s approach focuses on ensuring that pollutant emissions are within the legal limits and, in
many cases, they are kept well below those limits.
Notwithstanding, for 2025, the Escúzar Complex has set a target of eliminating, compared to 2024, he emissions of volatile
organic compounds (VOCs) generated through the manholes of trucks during the loading process of solvent waste tankers.
Likewise, for both the Escúzar and Granada Complexes, a goal has been set to maintain, as of December 2025, the VOC
emission levels (emission source P1G4) 10% and 12%, respectively, below the applicable legal limits established in Royal
Decree 117/2003 on the limitation of volatile organic compound emissions due to the use of solvents in certain activities (20
mg/m3).
In general terms, given that the industrial environment in Spain is highly regulated from an environmental standpoint, ROVI
monitors the possible pollutants of air, water and soil and keeps the pollutant emissions below the established legal limits.
Therefore, ROVI does not consider it necessary to set specific targets related to the control of air pollutants, emissions to water,
pollution of soil and substances of concern and very high concern, as occurs with other environmental aspects.
In general, at all the plants, emissions to air come from combustion points, such as boilers, which are habitually below the limits
permitted.
81