LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
4.2.- Organisation of work
- Organisation of working hours
ROVI carries on its economic activities in three different environments: the industrial production area, the sales area and
the industrial structure/offices area. The activity of each one of them has different dynamics, requiring different working
hours and ways of organising working time. In all of them, the Company foments criteria for organising working time and
time off to facilitate the best work-life balance possible, as well as enabling ROVI employees to exercise motherhood and
fatherhood responsibly.
The industrial environment, which includes the employees working at the pharmaceutical product production plants,
makes it necessary for employees who are engaged in manufacturing tasks or work directly related thereto to have
working hours that coincide with the times of activity of the production processes. This means that this group of people
works, in general, under a shift system. Since we are aware that shift work is more arduous, it is used when there is no
other possible alternative that is compatible with the viability of the activity and the demand for the product manufactured
and we strive to reduce the inconvenience of the shift dynamics as much as possible. The holiday period in the industrial
area is also subject to the volume of activity and must, in general, be arranged on fixed dates for the whole workforce. At
any event, we endeavour to ensure that it is always in summer and ROVI undertakes that at least half the holidays will be
enjoyed in the summer period. Additionally, the time off scheduled to adjust the work calendar of this group of employees
is fixed to coincide with school holidays, so that the employees can enjoy it with the rest of their families.
Employees in the sales area carry on their activity in daytime working hours, coinciding with those of the customers to
whom they market ROVI’s products. Given the nature of their activity, they have a high degree of independence in
planning their work, which allows them to reconcile their work with any needs that may arise in their family life.
In the industrial structure and office area, time is organised through flexible working hours. This allows employees to start
and end their working day with a margin of choice, depending on their needs or preferences.
In these last two groups, holidays are preferably taken in summer and, additionally, time off is arranged during school
holidays.
- Absenteeism
A fundamental element for the proper operation of ROVI’s activity is the health of its workers. Good management in this
respect has a direct effect on the health and well-being of the workforce and, as a consequence, on the Company’s
economic performance and the attainment of its strategic objectives.
In view of the foregoing, the indicators shown below are of great importance to the Company, since they monitor the
monthly and annual absenteeism in accordance with whether the cause is an ordinary illness, an accident at work or an
occupational disease. These indicators are set out below compared with those of the pharmaceutical sector. It may be
seen that ROVI’s levels are lower than those of the sector in which it carries on its activity.
17