Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
2.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations of existing ones
a) Standards, amendments and interpretations mandatory for all annual periods starting on or after 1 January, 2019.
In 2019, the following standards and amendments to existing standards were endorsed by the European Union and
came into force on 1 January, 2019. They have either been applied by ROVI or may affect the Group in the future:
• IFRS 16 – “Leases” ((«IFRS 16») replaces IAS 17 “Leases”, IFRIC 4, SIC 15 and SIC 27. It is mandatory for
annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2019 and early adoption was permitted as long as IFRS 15
was being applied. The principal new feature of IFRS 16 is that there will be a single new accounting model for
lessees, who will include all leases (with limited exceptions) in their statements of financial position with an
impact similar to that of the former finance leases (there will be depreciation of the right-of-use asset and a
finance expense for the amortised cost of the liability, the expense accruing more swiftly under IFRS 16).
IFRS 16 states that lessees must recognise a financial liability for the present value of the payments to be made
over the remaining life of the lease contract and an asset for the right of use of the underlying asset, which is
measured on the basis of the associated liability, to which any initial direct costs incurred are added.
Additionally, the criterion for recognising the lease expense changes and it is now recognised as an expense for
depreciation of the asset and a financial expense for the discounting of the lease liability. In respect of the
current accounting by the lessor, the rules do not change substantially and the lessor must continue to classify
the lease as operating or financial, depending on the degree to which the risks and rewards of ownership are
substantially transferred.
The Group, as an asset lessee, has evaluated the first application of the Standard, identifying the lease
contracts that may fall within the scope of IFRS 16. To do this, the Group:
- Reviewed the lease contracts and grouped them by type: leases on the real estate where it carries out
its principal activities, vehicle leases and computer equipment leases.
- The Group has applied the recognition exemption for underlying assets with a low value (less than
5,000 US dollars) and a short term (12 months or less). The computer equipment in its entirety has
been considered as a single underlying asset and, therefore, the low-value exemption has not been
applied to it.
- In the case of vehicles, the present value of the payments has been determined on the basis of the
commitment that the Group has.
- The Group has elected to apply the modified retrospective effect, according to which the 2018 period
will not be restated, as its transition model.
- The Group has elected to measure the initial right-of-use asset at the amount of the lease liability at 1
January, 2019 for all the lease contracts.
- To determine the present value of the payments to be made over the remaining lives of the lease
contracts and the right-of-use of the underlying assets, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate, close
to the Group’s debt ratio, has been applied. At the date of initial application, this is 1.5%.
- The terms of the leases have been identified principally on the basis of the terms of the contracts.
9