LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Letrozole LEBE
Indicated for the treatment of hormone-dependent breast cancer, it is a novel inhibitor of the enzyme aromatase, responsible
for a fundamental step in the biosynthesis of oestrogens, which must be taken by breast cancer patients after the disease
has been cured. The competitive advantage of this technology is that the inhibitor would no longer be taken orally but would
be administered through a long-acting injection, reducing the frequency of the injections administered at present.
In this respect, ROVI is progressing with the clinical development of phase I of Letrozole LEBE, a three-monthly formulation
to treat hormone-dependent breast cancer, the objective of which is to reach bioequivalence in the plasma levels of the drug
in comparison with the daily oral administration of a dose of 2.5 mg. Results are expected in the first half of 2025.
ROVI’s industrial footprint
In Andalusia, ROVI has three plants for its own manufacturing: two, in Granada and Escúzar, dedicated to the production of
the active ingredient of low-molecular-weight heparins, and the new plant, also in Escúzar, dedicated to heparin sodium
production. ROVI is, therefore, prepared and vertically integrated for the production of a medicine that, like sodium heparin, is
classified as essential by the World Health Organisation and is, furthermore, one of the drugs included in the European Union
Critical Medicine Alliance, in which ROVI participates. Additionally, ROVI has two plants in Madrid engaged in production of
medicines based on its ISM® technology, in which it has invested 35.6 million euros in the last five years. At the first plant, the
Company produces Risperidone ISM®, while the second manufactures products under development that use highly potent
active ingredients.
In addition, ROVI has three plants engaged is contract manufacturing: specifically, two injectables manufacturing plants
located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and Madrid and a third plant, located in Alcalá de Henares, that produces solid oral
forms and is a centre of excellence for assembly and packaging. Additionally, the Granada plant also manufactures the active
ingredient of messenger RNA vaccines.
Likewise, ROVI continues to be committed to the vertical integration of its value chain in order to achieve strategic autonomy
in its medicine manufacturing process. In this respect, the Group is making significant investments in the construction of a new
plant in Huesca engaged in transforming pig mucosa into crude heparin, which is expected to come into operation in 2026.
In accordance with Appendix C of ESRS 1 (List of phased-in Disclosure Requirements), ROVI will not break down either the
total revenue or the intercompany revenue by significant ESRS sector in this Report. The Appendix states that this information
must be reported starting from the application date specified in a Commission Delegated Act to be adopted pursuant to article
29b(1) third subparagraph, point ii) of Directive 2013/34/EU. Said Delegated Act has not been published at the date of
preparation of this Report.
14