LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Secondly, with the creation of Terafront Pharmatech, ROVI has begun to work on development of advanced therapies. Attention
should be drawn to the fact that the time horizons in this respect depend largely on the authorities, given the composition of the
business collaboration. Notwithstanding, in 2024, the structuring of the company and the potential projects with a strong social
impact commenced, such as, for example, oncological treatments that do not currently have other therapeutic alternatives.
Lastly, the glycomics area also worked on improving the production process, enhancing product performance and increasing the
studies performed.
In relation to the potential negative impact of the possible lack of information on a clinical trial in which a patient is going to
participate, ROVI has the following prevention measures:
• Quality Management Policy of ROVI’s Development, Manufacturing and Control Division, specialised in the control of
medicines from the time they are manufactured until they are placed on the market, including the preclinical phases and
clinical trials, ensuring compliance with the relevant regulatory and safety requirements.
• Subject’s Informed Consent Form: document in which the subjects and/or their representatives confirm that they agree to
take part in a clinical trial. The term “informed” reflects the fact that the subject has received full information on the clinical
trial at a prior interview, with the help of the Patient Information Sheet.
• Compliance with Good Clinical Practice (GCP),56 which encompasses a series of rules intended to guarantee the rights
of patients who take part in a clinical trial, ensuring the quality of the data and preventing errors in the clinical research.
The consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and Equipment” and Note 7 “Intangible
Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in Note 25 “Other Operating Expenses”.
Lastly, it should be noted that in 2024, as in 2023, no serious human rights problems or incidents were reported in relation to
ROVI’s consumers and end-users.
c. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement S4-5: Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the targets set by ROVI to address the impacts,
risks and opportunities associated to consumers and end-users.
The Quality area analyses the results of the objectives when the previous year (2024) has finished and, in the first quarter of
2025, work is carried out to establish time-bound and outcome-oriented targets related to product quality, in order to address the
material IROs related to consumers and end-users.
In relation to pharmacovigilance, the Group has internal metrics and indicators intended to measure compliance with the time
periods for reporting incidents and other safety-related information to the heath authorities, subsidiaries and partners, as well as
the compliance of other activities. Additionally, the Department monitors the efficacy of its processes through periodic audits,
confirming that the risk-benefit balance of the Group’s products remains favourable to the patients, as well as to keep the
relevant marketing authorisation.
The final objective of pharmacovigilance is not only to protect users from possible adverse reactions, but also to guarantee safe
use of the medicines in special situations, such as during pregnancy, in children, in cases of incorrect use or when a medicine is
consumed after its expiry date.
Regarding ethical marketing, ROVI has set the objective of carrying out supervision activities in the subsidiaries of Portugal and
Italy from the corporate Compliance Department. These reviews consist of the supervision of product promotion and marketing
projects to ensure that they are conducted in line with the Group’s Ethical Marketing Policy and the other applicable codes. They
are additional to the reviews carried out by the Compliance Departments of the individual countries.
56See guide ICH E6(R2) https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/scientific-guideline/ich-guideline-good-clinical-practice-e6r2-step-5_en.pdf
135