Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
– Physical: these are defined as the risks and opportunities derived from the increase in external extreme weather
events (acute) or the long-term impacts and the change in the characteristics of the climate (chronic).
– Transition: these are defined and the risks and opportunities derived directly or indirectly from the process of adjusting
to a lower-carbon and more sustainable economy.
In 2022, possible acute physical climate risks were identified for each one of the production plants, including extreme heat and
wind events, freeze-thaw events, floods and ground movements, among others. To assess impact scenarios, the scenarios
proposed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in its latest report of August 2021 were considered: a
global temperature increase of 2ºC and, likewise, scenario RCP 8.5, which represents a temperature increase of between 3.2
and 5.5ºC in comparison with pre-industrial levels, which is the most unfavourable scenario from a climate standpoint.
With regard to chronic physical climate risks, in 2023, the Group identified the risk of water stress, the impact of which could
affect the industrial facilities in Spain. The scenarios assessed took scenarios RCP 2.6 and 8.5 as a reference. The results of
the analysis revealed that the most crucial region where ROVI’s production centres are located in relation to the water stress
risk is Granada, where a significant increase in the risk is expected in the medium and long term in the conditions described in
scenario 8.5. The two Granada plants currently have a significant climate risk of water stress for 2050 and could suffer
interruptions in their activity due to a potential lack of supply.
Finally, regarding transition risks, the Group identifies the greatest significant risk to derive from a price increase in greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions. For the analysis, two scenarios were compared: the Stated Policies Scenario (base scenario: Stated
Policies Scenario – STEPS) and the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZS) of the IEA (International Energy Agency), for
two time horizons: 2030 and 2050.
Regarding the possible financial impact of these climate risks on economic activity, the Group makes its assessment using of a
probability and impact matrix on the basis of the different scenarios mentioned above, the results of which for 2024 and 2023
were as follows:
Material climate risk Potential financial impact Classification Time horizon
Physical risks
Short, medium and
Extreme temperature events Equipment failure Low
long term
Interruption of production activity Low Short term
Water stress
due to a potential lack of supply
Moderate Medium term
Transition risks
Operating cost increase due to price Short, medium and
Cost increase in CO emissions Insignificant
2 increase in fossil fuels long term
The financial classification of the risks described is as follows:
– Insignificant: <2.0 million euros (1,8 million euros for 2023)/<0.25% of net revenue.
– Low: 2.0-11.8 million euros(1.8-11 million euros for 2023)/0.25-1.5% of net revenue.
– Moderate: 11.8-23.6 million euros(11-22.1 million euros for 2023)/1.5-3% of net revenue.
The Group is monitoring and applying the climate change estimates and assumptions in its consolidated financial statements. At
31 December 2024 and 2023, no impairment of financial assets had materialised and it had not been necessary to set aside any
provision.
Supplementary information may be found in the Management Report
25