Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, the probability that the debtor will become insolvent or require financial
reorganisation and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that a trade receivable is impaired. The
amount of the provision is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future
cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced when the amount of the
provision is used and the amount of the loss is recognised in the income statement within “other operating expenses”.
When a trade receivable is unrecoverable, it is written off against the provision for trade receivables. Subsequent
recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against “other operating expenses”.
Equity securities
Equity securities are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or not classified in any of the other
possible categories. They are included in non-current assets unless Management intends to dispose of the investment
within 12 months of the end of the reporting period.
Purchases and sales of investments are recognised on the trade date, i.e. the date on which the Group commits to
purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. Equity securities are
subsequently carried at fair value. Investments are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the
investments have expired or been transferred and the Group has substantially transferred all risks and rewards of
ownership.
Dividends from equity securities instruments are recognised in the income statement as “Finance costs-net” when the
Group’s right to receive payment is established.
The fair values of quoted investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not active (and
for unlisted securities), the Group establishes fair value on the basis of an analysis of discounted cash flows.
At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a
group of financial assets is impaired. In the case of equity securities classified as available for sale, a significant or
prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is considered an indicator that the securities are
impaired. If any such evidence exists for equity securities, the cumulative loss –measured as the difference between the
acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in profit
or loss– is removed from equity and recognised in profit and loss. Impairment losses on equity instruments recognised in
profit and loss are not reversed through profit and loss.
b) Derecognition of financial assets
The Company applies the criteria of derecognising financial assets to part of a financial asset or to part of a group of
similar financial assets or to a financial asset or to a group of similar financial assets.
Financial assets are derecognised in the accounts when the rights to receive cash flows related to them have expired or
been transferred and the Company has substantially transferred the risks and rewards of ownership. Likewise, if the
Group retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the financial assets, these financial assets are
derecognised only when contractual obligations that determine payment of said flows to one or more recipients have
been assumed and the following requirements are met:
• Payment of the cash flows depends on their having been received previously;
22