LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
San Sebastián de los Reyes Complex:
• 100% increase in the cardioprotection resources in the complex. The associated investment totalled €2,659.58.
• 100% increase in the training actions aimed to improve the performance of personnel in handling and acting with
chemical products. In 2024, no significant expense was incurred in implementing this action.
Julián Camarillo Complex:
• 3% reduction in the number of incidents caused by overexertion compared to 2023. In 2024, no significant expense was
incurred in implementing this action.
Granada complex:
• Elimination of the manual loading operation of solid chemical products (benzethonium chloride and sodium chloride) in
several production tanks. ROVI has been working on this since August 2020 and it has involved an investment of €6,580.
• 5% increase in the first-intervention training of the maintenance technicians with permanent contracts compared to 2023.
The contract for this course involved an investment of €1,800.
• Increase, compared to 2023, of 5% (of the total) of the workers in the production/control area with more extensive
prevention training, which entailed an investment of €608.
• Reduction of 1 dB in the noise level in the Moderna production rooms (with the process equipment at a standstill) caused
by the air-conditioning equipment. This reduction represented an expense of €22,000.
Escúzar complex:
• Increase of at least 10% in the first-intervention training of the maintenance technicians with permanent contracts
compared to 2023. This action involved an investment of €1,800.
• Increase, compared to 2023, of 5% (of the total) of the workers with training in occupational risk prevention.This
additional training involved an expense of €500 for the Group.
• Increase of at least 10% (of the total) of workers with first-aid training compared to 2022, which entailed an expense of
€595.
• Attaining the accident incidence rates of 1% with days lost and 2% without days lost for internal personnel.
• Obtaining the ISO45001 certification, in which a total expense of €6,352.50 was incurred.
In 2024, ROVI took a number of actions to improve the accessibility of its installations. Work to improve accessibility was carried
out on the ground floor of the office building in Pozuelo de Alarcón (Madrid), representing an investment of approximately
€1,350. This work entailed to construction of an access ramp to the area and the elimination of architectural barriers in the multi-
purpose room on said floor. In this context, all the new construction projects executed by ROVI in 2024, such as the expansion
of the facilities at its work centres with the new office and general service building constructed in San Sebastián de los Reyes or
the new industrial building in Alcalá de Henares, were designed and executed taking account of optimal accessibility.
Lastly, attention should be drawn to the fact that the area responsible for the actions taken in 2024 monitors the degree to which
they have been completed and evaluates their efficacy. Likewise, the consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in
Note 6 “Property Plant and Equipment” and Note 7 “Intangible Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx
figures may be consulted in Note 25 “Other Operating Expenses”.
c. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-5: Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to inform on the targets set to address the impacts and risks associated to its
own workforce.
At present, the Group does not have measurable time-bound and outcome-oriented targets to address management of the
material impacts and risks identified and does not plan to establish them in the short term. This is partly because, in its double
107