Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
c.2) Capitalization of development expenses
The Company considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, an enoxaparin biosimilar, has
met all the requirements since the last quarter of 2014, when the application to obtain marketing authorization for this
biosimilar in Europe was filed with the European health authorities. Therefore, from that time until the effective
comercialization in Europe of this biosimilar, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalized. These
assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI
considers that it will obtain a positive return on the aforementioned development over said period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Company considers that the
requirements established in the rules on capitalization of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
c.3) Deferred tax assets
The Company recognizes the deferred tax assets and tax credits when it is likely that they will materialize in lower
income tax payments in the future.
In order to determine the maximum amount that can be recognized by the Company in relation to the future tax effect of
these items, Management recognizes only items where, after analysis, there is certainty that said tax effect will occur and
of the accuracy of the amount involved.
d) Grouping of items
In order to facilitate an understanding of the statement of financial position, income statement, statement of changes in
equity and statement of cash flows, the items on these statements are presented in groups and the required analysis is
included in the relevant Notes to the annual accounts.
3. Accounting policies
3.1 Intangible assets
a) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognized as an expense when incurred, while the development costs incurred in a project are
recognized as intangible assets when the following requirements are met:
- the project is viable from a technical and commercial point of view,
- sufficient technical and financial resources are available to complete it,
- the costs incurred can be determined reliably, and
- profits are likely to be generated.
11