Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
The Company recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future
economic benefits will flow to the Company and specific criteria have been met for each of the activities as described
below. The amount of revenue is not considered to be reliably measurable until all contingencies relating to the sale have
been resolved. The Company bases its estimates on historical results, taking into consideration the type of customer, the
type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.
a) Sale of goods
The Company sells pharmaceutical products for which it holds a manufacturing and sale licence in the wholesale market
and also to retailers. It also acquires and sells pharmaceutical products of other entities.
Sales of goods are recognised when the Company has delivered products to the customer and there is no unfulfilled
obligation which could affect the acceptance of the products by the customer. The sale does not take place until the
products and the obsolescence and loss risks have been transferred to the customer, the customer has accepted the
products in accordance with the sale contract and the acceptance period has finished, or the Company has objective
evidence for that the necessary criteria have been met for customer acceptance.
The products are sold with volume discounts and customers are entitled to return damaged products or those that have
expired. Sales are recognised at the price fixed in the sale contract, net of volume discounts and returns estimated at the
date of sale. Volume discounts are measured based on estimated annual purchases. Returns are not significant and they
are measured based on the Company’s historical experience (Note 2). Sales are carried out with short-term collection
periods. The Company’s practice is generally to claim late-payment interest -calculated on the basis of the actual
collection period- from government entities from which receivables are not collected in the short term.
b) Sale of services
The services provided by the Company consist mainly of promoting third-party pharmaceutical products.
c) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest method. When a receivable is impaired, the
Company reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, discounting the estimated future cash flow at the
original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as less interest income. Interest
income on impaired loans is recognised using the effective interest rate method.
d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in profit and loss when the right to receive payment is established. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the dividends distributed come from profits generated before the acquisition date, they are not recognised as
income and are shown as a decrease in the carrying amount of the investment.
e) Other revenues: granting of exclusive distribution licences
The revenue received from the granting of exclusive distribution licenses for ROVI products to other companies is
recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the corresponding contracts.
17