LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
In the initial supplier evaluation, a risk assessment is conducted based on the type of activity the supplier will be carrying on,
since this may have a significant effect on product quality and/or compliance with the regulations for both the products
themselves and ROVI’s internal processes. In these cases, the risk assessment may entail audits at the supplier’s facilities and/
or the inclusion of specific clauses in the quality agreements established between the parties. This leads to the creation to a list
of approved suppliers with GMP impact, which is managed by the Quality Department.
The Group does not only assess its suppliers in terms of quality, but also encourages good practices through two main
mechanisms:
First, from a quality perspective, ROVI carries out both physical and remote audits to ensure strict control over suppliers who
have a direct impact on product quality and safety. This audits allow continuous monitoring of compliance with ROVI’s
requirements and regulatory standards. Additionally, the Group has an Annual Plan based on a risk assessment, which is used
to manage these audits, assessing various metrics of the suppliers. Furthermore, through an annual evaluation, the potential
impact of the suppliers on the Company’s reputation and the quality of the batches produced are assessed.
Furthermore, from a sustainability perspective, since 2020, ROVI has been using the EcoVadis Platform to evaluate the
sustainability performance of its suppliers, covering aspects such as the environment, human rights and work-related practices,
ethics and sustainable purchasing. The suppliers complete an extensive questionnaire and the platform makes an external
analysis, In order to assign a score of between 0 and 100 to each supplier, which allows ROVI to identify violations and request
improvements. The Group’s ESG Master Plan includes the goal of increasing the number of suppliers evaluated in accordance
with environmental, ethical and good governance criteria, prioritising those located in regions that are sensitive in terms of
human rights and invoicing volume. Likewise, in 2024, ROVI implemented a mandatory Sustainable Purchasing Questionnaire
for the new suppliers with which it was going to work. In upcoming years, this will help minimise possible negative impacts
related to third parties in the ethical, social and environmental spheres. The Supplier Evaluation and Approval Policy includes a
self-declaration questionnaire before signature of the contract, which addresses topics such as guaranteeing respect for the
fundamental rights of the supplier’s employees, as well as ethical conduct and respect for the environment. Completion of this
questionnaire is mandatory before ROVI enters into contract with the supplier.
The Group also has the Order Management and Supplier Payment Procedure, which states that suppliers whose annual
revenue exceeds 100,000 euros must always have a formally-signed contract and, likewise, specifies how invoices should be
sent and recorded and the accepted payment methods, thus ensuring consistency and efficiency in the accounting with
suppliers and avoiding payment delays.
In this respect, in 2024, ROVI launched a sustainability-linked confirming programme in collaboration with BBVA to promote
these aspects across its value chain. This programme offers financial incentives to suppliers who meet environmental, social
and governance criteria evaluated through the EcoVadis Platform. The suppliers who obtain a scores of between 45 and 74
points on this platform will obtain a reduced discount rate on the early payment of invoices and those will scores between 75
and 100 points will receive an even lower rate. Suppliers with scores lower than 45 and those who have not been evaluated will
continue with their current financial terms.
To monitor these scores, ROVI will review them twice yearly and decide which suppliers are eligible for the incentives. Suppliers
must update their evaluations annually to continue to be eligible. Lastly, the Group will notify the verified scores to BBVA, which
will include the eligible suppliers in the incentives programme.
◦ Disclosure Requirement G1-3: Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide information on ROVI’s system to prevent, detect and address
allegations or cases related to corruption and bribery.
The Company carries on its activity under the principle of “zero tolerance” of bribery and corruption, ensuring that any action that
includes these practices as a way to obtain its own interests is rejected. To tis end, it has two main mechanisms: the Ethics
Channel and the Crime Prevention Model. The latter was developed considering ROVI’s two principal activities, which are the
promotion and sale of medicines and the manufacturing of its own and third-party products. Additionally, every two years, the
Group engages an independent third party to review the correct operation of this Model.
145