ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
F. INTERNAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL SYSTEMS RELATED TO THE PROCESS OF PUBLISHING FINANCIAL INFORMATION (ICFR)
Describe the mechanisms comprising the System of Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR) of your company.
F.1. Control environment
Report on at least the following, describing their principal features:
F.1.1 The bodies and/or departments that are responsible for (i) the existence and maintenance of an
adequate and effective ICFR; (ii) their implementation; and (iii) their supervision.
ROVI’s System for Internal Control over Financial Reporting (hereinafter, “ICFR”) has the goal of obtaining reasonable certainty as to the reliability
of the financial reporting. The bodies responsible for it are:
- The Board of Directors: this is the body responsible for the existence and continuity of adequate and effective ICFR in accordance with
the version of the Regulations of the Board of Directors approved on 3 December 2020.
- Senior Management performs the functions of implementing and designing the ICFR.
- The Audit Committee is the body responsible for overseeing ICFR, as stated in the company’s Bylaws, the Regulations of the Board of
Directors and the latest version of the Regulations of Audit Committee approved by the Board of Directors on 3 December 2020. This
Regulation assigns the following responsibilities to the Audit Committee, among others:
o To oversee and evaluate the process of preparing and presenting the financial reporting of the company and, where applicable, the
Group, and ensure it is complete, reviewing compliance with legal requirements, the accurate demarcation of the consolidated group and
the proper application of accounting principles, and to put forward recommendations or proposals to the Board of Directors aimed to
safeguard the integrity of the financial reporting.
o To receive, respond to and take account of, appropriately and adequately, any requirements that the public supervisor of the financial
reporting may have sent in the present or previous years, ensuring that the same type of incidents previously identified in such
requirements are not repeated in the financial statements.
o To discuss any significant internal control weaknesses detected in the course of the audit with the statutory auditors, where appropriate,
without jeopardising their independence. In this respect, where appropriate, recommendations and proposals may be submitted to the
Board of Directors, together with the relevant period for following them up.
o To regularly review and oversee the internal control and risk management systems and the efficacy thereof, in order for the main risks to
be identified, managed and made known appropriately.
o To review the clarity and integrity of all the financial reporting and related non-financial reporting that the entity makes public, such as
the financial statements, management reports, risk management and control reports and corporate governance reports, evaluating in
which cases the statutory auditors should be involved in reviewing any of the reports in addition to the financial statements.
F.1.2 State whether the following are present, especially if they relate to the creation of financial
information:
· Departments and/or mechanisms in charge of: (i) the design and review of corporate structure; (ii) clear
definition of lines of responsibility and authority with an adequate distribution of tasks and functions; and
(iii) assurance that adequate procedures exist for proper communication throughout the entity:
- (i) Design and review of corporate structure;
39 / 65