LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
b. Governance
◦ Disclosure Requirement GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and
supervisory bodies
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the composition of the administrative,
management and supervisory bodies, their roles and responsibilities, and their access to expertise and skills in relation to
sustainability matters.
The General Shareholders’ Meeting is the highest governance and deliberative body. The administrative, management and
supervisory bodies of ROVI are, basically, the Board of Directors and the two board committees, i.e. the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee (NRC) and the Audit Committee. Furthermore, apart from the Board, the Company has, internally, a
Management Committee and a Sustainability Committee.
The Board of Directors is the Company’s highest decision-making body, except in matters reserved to the General
Shareholders’ Meeting. Regarding its composition, the Board is formed by seven directors, three of whom are executive
directors, while four are non-executive. Likewise, three of the four non-executive members are independent, representing
42.86% of the total.
Likewise, ROVI extends its commitment to diversity to its governing bodies in the broadest sense, covering aspects such as
age, gender, knowledge and experience, among others. In terms of gender, an example of this commitment can be seen in the
composition of the Board of Directors, three of whose seven members are women, 42.86%. The committees (NRC and Audit
Committee) are composed of a majority of women (66% of their members, two of three), women account for 30.76% of the
Management Committee (four of a total of thirteen) and 71.4% of the Sustainability Committee members are women (four of
seven). In terms of diversity of age, knowledge and experience, the administrative, management and supervisory bodies are
likewise diverse. Specifically, their members have wide experience in the pharmaceutical sector and in relation to the products
and geographical locations where the Company operates.
It should be noted that no representative of the workers forms part of the Board of Directors.
ROVI has three directors with experience in sustainability matters, specifically in social and good governance issues:
• Mr Marcos Peña Pinto, coordinating director and member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, has held different roles in relation to social and employment matters. Between 1991 and
1996, Secretary-General for Health at the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs and Secretary General for
Employment and Labour Relations at the Ministry of Labour. Likewise, between 2005 and 2006, he was appointed an
expert member of the Economic and Social Council, which he chaired until April 2020.
• Ms Fátima Báñez García, chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and member of the Group’s Audit
Committee, was Minister of Employment and Social Security in the Spanish government from December 2011 to June
2018 and Minister of Health, Social Services and Equality from August to November 2016. Until 2024, Ms Bañez was a
member of the Board of Directors of AVANGRID, INC. as an independent director and Chairman of said company's
Governance and Sustainability Committee. At present, she is a member of the Board of Iberdrola Energía International
as an external director, having been appointed in the current year 2025.
• Ms Marina del Corral Téllez, a proprietary director of ROVI, completed the Senior Business Management Programme
(PADE) of the University of Navarra and the Good Corporate Management Programme of the Instituto de Consejeros y
Administradores. Currently, she is also Director General of the Círculo Empresarial de Atención a las Personas
(CEAPS) (Business Circle for Attention to Persons).
Additionally, the Board of ROVI reviews its training plan annually in order to ensure the continuous training and updating of its
directors. Likewise, mention should be made of the fact that, in 2024, the Board of Directors received specific training on
sustainability matters in relation to the regulatory environment (CSRD), the implications for sustainability reporting, the double
materiality results, the changes introduced by Organic Law 2/2024 of 1 August on Equal Representation and a Balanced
4