Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: "2024 is
a year of transition and will be of crucial
importance in establishing the bases for
ROVI’s future. We are undergoing a growth
phase focused on reinforcing the company’s
internationalisation with Risperidone ISM®,
the first innovative ROVI product based on
ISM® technology, with which we forecast
potential sales of between 200 and 300
million euros globally in upcoming years, and
which we are confident will represent
significant growth in our specialty
pharmaceutical business. The positive
reception of the product in the European
countries where it has been launched, the
recent FDA marketing authorisation for
Risperidone ISM® in the United States and
the approval of the product in Canada and
Australia open up new growth opportunities
for us all over the world in the field of long-acting injectables to treat schizophrenia.
Innovation is one of ROVI’s hallmarks and the ISM® platform provides new channels
for growth. We continue to progress with the phase 1 clinical trial of the three-monthly
formulation of letrozole (Letrozole LEBE) and the phase 1 clinical trial in Europe of our
three-monthly formulation of risperidone, reflecting a clear commitment to our ISM®
technology. Additionally, in March 2024, we announced the incorporation of a new
public-private investment vehicle, Terafront Farmatech, to develop advanced,
innovative or emerging medicines, therapies and/or technologies jointly with Insud
Pharma, S.L. and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment company
of Centro para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI). This represents an
opportunity to contribute to placing Spain in a leading position in the clinical research
into new therapies, with the capacity to translate this research into manufacturing
and thus improve the availability of new therapies to patients. Regarding our
industrial presence, we are continuing to invest in our plants to expand our
production capacity. Specifically, we are conducting an investment project at the San
Sebastián de los Reyes plant to increase this site's capacity to 500 million injectables
in the coming years, which the Community of Madrid has classified as a strategic
project. In addition, in June 2024 we received the European authorities’ approval for
the commencement of commercial activity at the new sodium heparin plant in
Escúzar (Granada). With this new plant, we are increasing our capacities for the
production of heparins, a medicine that is classified as essential by the World Health
Organization ("WHO") and among the drugs included in the European Union’s Critical
Medicine Alliance, in which ROVI participates. Thus, ROVI is positioned as one of the
largest pharmaceutical groups in Spain, with eight fully-integrated plants, five of
which manufacture ROVI’s own products, while three are engaged in contract
development manufacturing operations. A ninth plant is currently under construction.
Likewise, in January 2024, we received the FDA’s approval to manufacture the active
6