Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
Phase 2 clinical trial on Letrozole ISM® vs Femara®, both medicines being combined with CDK 4/6 inhibitors, in post-
menopausal women with advanced breast cancer and, subsequently, a Phase 3 trial in women with early breast cancer.
This clinical path would probably last more than ten years and would require an investment much higher than initially
planned before the dossier to apply for marketing authorisation for the product could be filed. As a result, the company
has decided to place the clinical development of annual Letrozole ISM® on hold for the time being.
However, the knowledge acquired with the results of the LISA-1 trial have enabled ROVI to use the time to progress with
the preclinical development of a new three-monthly formulation of letrozole (Letrozole LEBE), which aspires to obtain
plasma levels equivalent to those obtained with daily oral doses of 2.5 mg of Femara®. Currently, this candidate has
completed all the preclinical evaluation phases and is available to commence its clinical development.
Consequently, ROVI has recently applied in Europe for authorisation of a clinical trial to evaluate the safety and
pharmacokinetic characterisation of single increasing doses of Letrozole LEBE in healthy post-menopausal women. This
new clinical trial (LEILA-1 study) is designed in several cohorts. In each one of them, the volunteers will take 2.5 mg of
Femara® daily for 14 days and, after a washout period of at least 28 days, will receive a single dose of Letrozole LEBE.
This trial would last approximately two years and cost around 5 million euros.
The objective of this trial is (i) to validate the conclusions reached in the preclinical development of the product regarding
its capacity to be bioequivalent to the oral formulation and (ii) to identify the dosage of Letrozole LEBE necessary for
humans to obtain steady-state plasma levels equivalent to Femara®.
After completing this first clinical trial, ROVI plans to conduct a pivotal clinical trial on the bioequivalence/bioavailability of
Letrozole LEBE in accordance with the requirements of the FDA’s 505 (b)(2) regulatory pathway and Directive 2001/83/
CE of the European Parliament. ROVI intends this clinical trial to evaluate the steady-state bioequivalence of Letrozole
LEBE vs Femara®. The trial would have an estimated duration of around two years.
In accordance with the results that can be expected from the LEILA-1 study, ROVI anticipates two possible clinical paths
to support to the product’s marketing authorisation:
– If the results of the LEILA-1 pharmacokinetic characterisation trial make it foreseeable that Letrozole LEBE
meets bioequivalence criteria; in this case, ROVI will file a dossier applying for marketing authorisation for the
product after completion of the bioequivalence/bioavailability study.
– If the results of the LEILA-1 pharmacokinetic characterisation trial make it foreseeable that Letrozole LEBE does
not meet all the bioequivalence criteria but demonstrates bioequivalence in minimum steady-state
concentrations of letrozole; in this case, ROVI might need to also conduct a single clinical efficacy trial to
support the product’s marketing authorisation.
ROVI informs on the evaluation process to obtain marketing authorisation for Risvan® in the United States
ROVI informed (by publication of the relevant information number 20446 dated 16th of February 2023) on the evaluation
process to obtain marketing authorisation for Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) in the United States and reported that it had
filed the final responses to the Complete Response Letter received from the United States Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) in the third quarter of 2022. These responses likewise included the answers of one of ROVI’s suppliers to
outstanding questions. The FDA has notified ROVI that the user fee goal date is 27 July 2023.
Likewise, ROVI filed the final report on correction of the deficiencies noted when the FDA inspected its facilities in June
2022. The evaluation of these corrections were provided to the FDA. ROVI´s plant has now been reinspected by the
FDA. The Company is awaiting an FDA notification on the user fee goal date (27 July 2023). The content of this
notification will be reported as soon as it is received.
Furthermore, in January 2023, the FDA carried out a pending inspection of a ROVI supplier. As a result of the inspection,
the FDA issued a series of observations to said supplier, which the latter is working to answer. The time frame for the
supplier’s response will depend on how the FDA evaluates the observations issued.
Thus, ROVI is continuing with the roadmap that it notified in the presentation of the update of its strategy at its 2022
Capital Markets Day and will continue to report on the milestones deemed relevant in the process to obtain authorisation
of Risvan® from the FDA as the timeline for registration in the United States advances.
35