LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
5. ESRS E5. Resource use and circular economy
The objective of this chapter is to enable an understanding of how ROVI affects resource use and circular economy, in terms of
material actual or potential, positive or negative impacts.
Likewise, the Company’s plans and its capacity to adapt its strategy and business model in line with circular economy principles,
including minimising waste, prolonging the useful lives of the products, materials and other resources, and efficient use in the
production and consumption processes. The actions taken by ROVI to prevent, mitigate or remediate negative impacts and
address material risks and opportunities are also described.
a. Impact, risk and opportunity management
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to
identify and assess material resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks
and opportunities
In relation to the process followed by ROVI to identify the material resource use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and
opportunities, see ESRS 2 IRO-1, where the four phases of the double materiality assessment are described: understanding,
identification, assessment and determination. Likewise, ROVI has no impact on adjacent communities either in its own
operations or in any part of its value chain (see explanation under Disclosure Requirement IRO-2) and, therefore, it has not
been necessary to consult such communities.
As a result of the double materiality analysis conducted, the impact and risks35 that have been found to be material in relation to
resource use and the circular economy are set out below:
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Sub-topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
Resource
inflows, Value chain participants purchase raw materials, supplies
Negative
Upstream including use and equipment for their products that depend on the Actual < 1 year
impact
of the extraction/mining of non-renewable resources.
resources
Resource
inflows,
ROVI and some value chain participants obtain raw Positive
Upstream including use Actual < 1 year
materials from renewable resources. impact
of the
resources
Own Commitment to correct waste treatment and recycling, Positive
Waste Actual < 1 year
operations prioritising e minimisation and recovery. impact
Hospitals ensure correct environmental management of Positive
Downstream Waste Actual < 1 year
medicine packaging and waste through sanitary bins. impact
Medicines that are not recycled at the “Punto SIGRE” tend
Negative
Downstream Waste to end up in dumps due to the complexity of the urban Actual < 1 year
impact
waste recycling process.
ROVI has adhered to “Punto Sigre”, which strives to
Positive
Downstream Waste ensure correct environmental management of medicine Actual < 1 year
impact
packaging and waste.
The healthcare product and medicine manufacturing
Across the Negative
Waste process generates waste throughout the product’s life Actual < 1 year
value chain impact
cycle.
ROVI ensures that the parts of its packaging that can be
Own Resource Positive
recycled/reused are reused, while those that cannot are Actual < 1 year
operations outflows impact
eliminated appropriately with energy recovery.
Resource
inflows, Suppliers’ dependence on key raw materials may represent
Upstream including use a risk for the Group is ROVI’s activity is halted or slowed Risk Potential 1-5 years
of the down.
resources
35 The fact that no material opportunities have been identified should be taken into account.
88