LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
◦ Disclosure Requirement E2-1: Policies related to pollution
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the Group’s pollution-related policies.
ROVI does not currently have a corporate policy that specifically addresses the prevention and control of pollution or addresses
aspects such as the pollutants or specific substances emitted by the industrial activity, the way in which a contribution can be
made to the EU action plan (“Zero pollution for air, water and soil”) or how to reduce the pollution footprint to contribute to the
targets of said action plan.
In this respect, neither does any corporate policy address the mitigation of negative impacts or the prevention of incidents and
emergency situations derived from pollution or the minimisation or replacement of substances of concern and very high concern.
Notwithstanding, the Environmental Management Policy and the Environmental and Social Sustainability Policy address ROVI’s
impact on the environment in general terms, including the prevention of pollution.
The Group has emission and discharge control procedures in place and specific environmental monitoring plans based on the
environmental authorisations. The monitoring plans consider topics such as the control of pollutant emissions to air and the
remediation of environmental damages, as well as soil pollution by the Company.
These procedures form the management framework that ROVI uses for operational decision-making on pollution-related
aspects. Likewise, the procedures are reviewed periodically, allowing ROVI to comply with the different environmental rules and
standards.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E2-2: Actions and resources related to pollution
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the actions that ROVI has taken or planned in relation to pollution
management.
At present, the actions taken to manage pollution do not include commitments related to the upstream or downstream phases of
the value chain, since the Group is unable to take action in relation to these phases. In this respect, ROVI’s activity focuses on
addressing the pollution generated directly by its own operations.
It is important to mention that the activity of ROVI that could potentially generate a material pollution-related impact is carried out
at its five industrial plants. In this respect, ROVI complies with the environmental or specific emission authorisations that it holds
and does not exceed any of the thresholds established, meaning that the actions taken are mainly preventive.
Notwithstanding, at the plants that are most critical from a pollution standpoint, additional internal controls are developed, in
addition to the regulations set out below:
Pollution of air
In relation to air pollution, the controls in place at the plants are established in accordance with the power of the boilers, which
are the main emission points. Exceptionally, at the Granada and Escúzar plants, work has been carried out to achieve the
following air pollution objectives:
• Elimination of the emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) generated through the manholes of trucks during the
loading process of solvent waste tankers. This elimination has only been achieved at the Granada Complex,
representing an investment of €2,272.19 for ROVI.
• Keeping, as of December 2024, the Total Organic Carbon levels (TOC, emission source P1G4) 12% below the applicable
legal limits established in Royal Decree 117/2003 on the limitation of volatile organic compound emissions due to the use
of solvents in certain activities (20 mg/m3). This action represented an expense of €139,700.
• Reduction, compared to 2023, in the amount (kg/h) of the diffuse emissions caused by the raw material and waste
storage installations on the tank farm. This action involved a total expense of €3,167.40 for the Group (€1,200 for the
Escúzar Complex, with a reduction of at least 30%, and €1,967.40 for the Granada Complex).
80