Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities longer than 12 months after the end of the
reporting period, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are classified as “trade and other
receivables” and “financial receivables”.
Deposits in financial institutions maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category as
current assets.
Receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
interest rate method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when
there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the
receivables.
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, the probability that the debtor will become insolvent or require financial
reorganization and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that a trade receivable is impaired. The
amount of the provision is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future
cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced when the amount of the
provision is used and the amount of the loss is recognized in the income statement within “other operating expenses”.
When a trade receivable is unrecoverable, it is written off against the provision for trade receivables. Subsequent
recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against “other operating expenses”.
Available-for-sale financial assets
Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or not classified in any of
the other possible categories. They are included in non-current assets unless Management intends to dispose of the
investment within 12 months of the end of the reporting period.
Purchases and sales of investments are recognized on the trade date, i.e. the date on which the Group commits to
purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognized at fair value plus transaction costs. Available-for-sale
financial assets are subsequently carried at fair value. Investments are derecognized when the rights to receive cash
flows from the investments have expired or been transferred and the Group has substantially transferred all risks and
rewards of ownership.
Dividends from available-for-sale equity instruments are recognized in the income statement as “Finance costs-net”
when the Group’s right to receive payment is established.
The fair values of quoted investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not active (and
for unlisted securities), the Group establishes fair value on the basis of an analysis of discounted cash flows.
16