Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
7.2.- Subcontracting and suppliers
The Group’s General Corporate Social Responsibility Policy establishes a course of action in relation to suppliers that
allows them to find in ROVI a partner for mutual benefit. It is indispensable to ensure a supply chain that respects the
principles of corporate social responsibility assumed by the ROVI Group. For this reason, ROVI undertakes to promote
CSR-related values among its suppliers and subcontractors of goods and services.
Suppliers are a group of strategic interest in relation to ROVI’s activities. For this reason, it has put in place a series of
specific action principles aligned with the company’s principles and values and intended to reinforce the sustainability
and competitive edge of the value chain.
As stated in preceding sections, the ROVI Group has a Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which establishes that all suppliers
must respect the protection of fundamental human and labour rights recognised internationally. Specifically, the Code of
Ethics for Suppliers requires all suppliers to comply with the following principles:
• Abolition of forced labour.
• Abolition of child labour.
• Respect for the right of association and collective bargaining.
• Equal opportunities and non-discrimination.
• The supplier must provide a fair work environment, free of any kind of violence.
• Respect for current legislation on working hours and remuneration.
In the same way as ROVI maintains a constant focus on equal opportunities, occupational safety or care of the
environment, it invites all its suppliers to guarantee these factors and to declare their commitment to basic principles of
ethics and professional conduct. To do this, in the same way as ROVI develops them internally, it tries to involve
suppliers and subcontractors in the adoption of the best corporate social responsibility practices in order to regulate their
activities in accordance with the standards included in the certifications SA-8000, SGE-21 or similar.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that, as stated above, more than 90% of the ROVI Group’s suppliers operate in
countries belonging to the European Union, while those that carry on their activity outside the European Union operate in
countries that enjoy recognised prestige in the International Community, meaning that supplier non-compliance in
respect of Human Rights is considered limited and under control.
Additionally, regarding the environment, as mentioned above, ROVI is committed to making a joint effort with its suppliers
and contractors to minimise the impact of their activities on the environment and the risks derived for both their safety
and health and that of their workers.
ROVI has a supplier selection and monitoring policy that includes a list of the criteria used to select each type of supplier.
The procedure provides for an initial evaluation and another periodic evaluation. It is used to draw up a list of approved
suppliers, kept by the Quality Department.
There is also a Supplier Engagement and Payment Policy, in order to establish a framework for relations with suppliers
and creditors that is shared by the whole organisation. It sets out the following: (i) suppliers with an annual volume of
over 100,000 euros must always have a duly signed contract, (ii) it regulates how invoices should be sent and recorded,
and (iii) the means of payment accepted.
35