LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
In relation to investigation into reports managed through the Ethics Channel Committee, in the event that any member of said
body were involved in the process, he or she will be excluded from the relevant investigation. ROVI has an internal model that
regulates this type of specific situation. Likewise, communications received from the Ethics Channel are notified to the Audit
Committee every four months and a summary report is submitted to the Board of Directors each year.
Regarding policies related to the prevention and detection of corruption and bribery, such as the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
Policy, all ROVI workers are duly informed using a number of mechanisms. First, the relevant information on the policies is
shared in the onboarding pack for people joining the Group and, likewise, the policies can be found on the website. Additionally,
an information campaign is launched each time a new policy is approved and, if it is complex, specific training is provided if so
required.
In this context, in 2024, anti-corruption training was provided to 85.95% of the employees identified as belonging to the group
exposed to a risk of corruption. These employees were selected on the basis of the position they hold and also the functions
they perform. In particular, in 2024, anti-corruption training was imparted to the Management Committee, the Industrial
Committee, all department managers and heads, and persons who, although they report to department managers and heads,
have budgetary and decision-making autonomy. Likewise, training was given to all members of the Sales Network and
Purchasing Department. The training programme covered topics such as the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy, the Code
of Good Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry, the Code of Ethics and the Crime Prevention Model.
As mentioned previously, ROVI’s Management Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
Board of Directors have training plans that cover regulatory compliance, including aspects related to preventing and detecting
corruption and bribery.
In addition, ROVI has a number of anti-money laundering mechanisms designed to ensure that all the Group’s financial
operations are transparent and legal, in spite of the fact that the Company is not subject to the provisions of article 2 of Law
10/2010 on the Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing. These mechanisms address relationships with new
customers and suppliers and policies on the daily allowances and expenses of employees.
Lastly, attention should be drawn to the fact that the organisation of congresses by the Group is strictly controlled, specifically
following the recommendations of the Code of Good Practice of Farmaindustria, to avoid any possible breaches of anti-
corruption or anti-bribery laws. Before any congress is held, ROVI’s Deontological Supervision Department (the department
responsible for supervision in relation to the Code of Good Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry) reviews all aspects in
detail, ranging from the material that is to be projected or provided to the fees paid to the doctors who provide their services as
speakers.
c. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement G1-4: Incidents of corruption and bribery
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide information on incidents of corruption or bribery during 2024. In this
respect, ROVI has not received any convictions or sanctions for infringing the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws.
Notwithstanding, in 2024, the Ethics Channel received a report that could include acts of corruption between individuals and
may have caused financial damage to ROVI. At the date of presentation of this Report, the investigation into this incident is still
in progress.
◦ Disclosure Requirement G1-5: Political influence and lobbying activities
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide information on ROVI’s activities and commitments related to
exercising political influence, including the activities of lobbies related to its impacts.63
ROVI carries out this type of activity through Farmaindustria, the national business association for the pharmaceutical industry in
Spain, which groups together most of the innovative pharmaceutical laboratories established in Spanish territory, accounting for
63Note that no material risks or opportunities have been identified related to political influence and lobbying activities.
146