Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, except for land, which is not depreciated, is calculated systematically
using the straight-line method in accordance with the estimated useful lives, taking into account the actual impairment
suffered as a result of the use and enjoyment of the items. The estimated useful lives are:
Buildings - 40 years
Technical facilities and equipment and furniture – between 4 and 14 years
Other facilities, fittings and equipment and furniture – between 5 and 10 years
Other property, plant and equipment – between 4 and 5 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and, if appropriate, adjusted at each reporting date.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Losses and gains on disposals of property, plant and equipment are calculated by comparing the proceeds with the
carrying amount and are recognised in profit and loss.
3.3 Impairment losses on non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets that are not in a condition to be used are not
subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment.
Assets subject to amortisation/depreciation are reviewed for impairment considering various internal and external
circumstances, including:
– Observable indications of a decline in market value.
– Assessment of any events that may have an adverse effect, both external (e.g. inflation or changes in the legal
environment) or internal (e.g. restructuring plans or the asset is idle).
– Increase in the asset's market interest rate.
– Information on the asset's obsolescence or physical damage to the asset.
– Evidence from internal reports indicating that the asset's performance will be worse than expected.
An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less cost to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of
assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are largely independent cash flows (cash-
generating units). Non-financial assets (other than goodwill) that have suffered impairment are reviewed at each
reporting date to see whether the impairment has been reversed.
3.4 Financial assets
a) Classification of financial assets
The Company classifies its financial assets into the following categories:
1) Financial assets at amortised cost: financial assets at amortised cost are non-derivative financial assets with fixed
or determinable payments that are not listed on an active market. They are included in current assets, except for
maturities at more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. Financial
assets held at amortised cost are included in “Credits to companies” and “Trade and other receivables” in the
statement of financial position.
Bank deposits maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category.
Securities representing debt with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that are traded on an active
market and that company management has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity are also
recognised in this category. If the Company were to sell other than an insignificant amount of these financial
assets, the assets would be reclassified as financial assets at fair value through equity. These financial assets are
included in non-current assets, except for those with maturities at less than 12 months after the reporting date,
which are classified as current assets.
10