5. Trading volume to be considered as reference: the trading volume to be taken as
a reference for the purposes of the provisions of article 3.3 of Delegated
Regulation 2016/1052 for the entire duration of the buy-back program shall be 25%
of the average daily volume of ROVI’s shares on the trading venue on which the
purchase is carried out during the twenty trading days prior to the date of the
purchase.
On 11 June 2024, ROVI concluded the Buy-Back programme, having acquired 2,233,466
shares for an amount of 130.0 million euros, representing approximately 4.3% of the
share capital.
As notified when the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the purpose of the
Programme was to cancel shares of ROVI through a reduction of capital and, at the
same time, to contribute to ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the profit
per share. The reduction of the capital will be carried out by cancelling 2,780,395 shares.
The latter corresponds to (i) the shares repurchased within the framework of the
aforementioned Buy-Back Programme, and (ii) part of the existing treasury shares,
which total 546,929. The capital reduction was approved at the Ordinary General
Shareholders’ Meeting, held on 24 June 2024. The new amount of the share capital, after
the shares mentioned have been cancelled and excluded from trading, will appear in
the registers of the National Securities Market Commission and Iberclear a few days
after registration of the deed of capital reduction. The Company will provide further
information in due course.
Finally, after completion of the Buy-back Programme, ROVI informed of the
resumption, as of 12 June 2024, of transactions under the liquidity contract signed
between the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. for management of the Company’s
treasury shares, of which the market was informed on 5 April 2022 in the pertinent
announcement of other relevant information (register number 15427). When the Buy-
Back Programme commenced, the liquidity contract was suspended for the duration of
the Programme, in accordance with CNMV Circular 1/2017 of 26 April, Provision Five, 2.c).
Likewise, the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. decided to modify the balances of
securities and cash associated to the Liquidity Contract in the terms reported to the
market as other relevant information on the same date.
ROVI announces agreement to manufacture pre-filled syringes
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (hereinafter, “ROVI”), informed (by publication of
the inside information number 2207 dated 25th April 2024) that its subsidiary, ROVI’s
wholly owned CDMO platform, ROVI Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U. (hereinafter
“ROIS”) had entered into an agreement to support the manufacture of pre-filled
syringes for a global pharmaceutical company.
Under the terms of the agreement, ROIS will provide a high-speed production line at
the ROIS’ San Sebastián de los Reyes facility in Madrid, with an estimated annual
capacity of 100 million units. The agreement includes the technology transfer for aseptic
filling and has a commercial production term of five years subject to the terms of the
agreement, beginning on the date of manufacture of the first commercial lot. After the
28