Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company signed a strategic agreement with Pulse Medical Technology, a Chinese company
specialised in the development of innovative technology for the diagnosis and treatment of patients with panvascular diseases.
Under this agreement, ROVI will market two software packages for the diagnosis and evaluation of coronary artery disease:
Angioplus Core and CTA plus. The software is already being marketed in Spain and Portugal, having been available since the
last quarter of 2024.
Additionally, ROVI continues to advance in the artificial intelligence field. In January 2025, ROVI acquired a majority position in
Cells IA Technologies, S.L., a pioneering company in the development of artificial intelligence-assisted diagnosis in the
pathological anatomy area. Pathological anatomy, an essential medical specialty in the diagnosis and staging of many diseases,
is destined to become one of the disciplines with the greatest potential for transformation as a result of the new digital
technologies. This agreement with Cells IA represents an opportunity for ROVI in its goal to contribute to improving healthcare
through the development of artificial intelligence solutions.
CDMO sales fell by 18% to 336.2 million euros in 2024 in comparison to 2023, mainly due to (i) lower revenues from the
manufacture of the COVID-19 vaccine in comparison to 2023, when ROVI had booked higher income related to the production
of the "pandemic" COVID-19 vaccine; and, (ii) lower revenues related to the activities carried out to prepare the plant for
production of the vaccine under the agreement with Moderna.
Over the past five years, ROVI has invested substantial capital to build global leadership in sterile fill & finish (F&F) capacity and
technology services. With these recent investments, and with current expansions underway, ROVI expects to significantly
increase its current sterile capacity at its FDA and EMA / EU GMP Annex-1 compliant facilities in Spain. This will allow ROVI to
continue to capitalize on the imbalance between the available capacity and the rising demand across the sterile fill & finish
market, building on recent momentum with the addition of a high-volume product from a global pharmaceutical customer and the
good drive in commercial activity and alliance opportunities across strategic high-growth modalities – including innovative
biologics, biosimilars, vaccines and novel modalities for pre-filled syringes and cartridges.
Other income (subsidies) increased by 0.1 million euros to 0.8 million euros in 2024 compared to 2023, mainly due to higher
subsidies received in the year.
Gross profit decreased 2% to 478.5 million euros in 2024 compared to 2023. However, the gross margin increased from 59.0%
in 2023 to 62.7% in 2024, an increase of 3.7 percentage points. This increase was mainly due to: (i) the decrease in the
contribution to the manufacturing business (CDMO) of revenue relating to activities to prepare the plant to produce medicines
under the agreement with Moderna, which contributed lower margins to Group sales; (ii) the increased contribution to the CDMO
business by existing customers (excluding Moderna), which contributed high margins; and (iii) the increased contribution of
sales of Okedi®, which likewise added high margins.
In 2024, raw material prices for low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWH) fell 54% compared to 2023. Notwithstanding, in spite of
the decrease in LMWH raw material prices, the impact on the gross margin was negative in 2024. However, a positive impact on
the gross margin is expected from 2025 onwards.
R&D expenses increased 3% to 25.8 million euros in 2024. They were mainly related to (i) the development of the phase I of
Letrozole LEBE, which began in July 2023, and (ii) the development of the phase I of a new formulation of Risperidone ISM® for
a 3-monthly injection, which began in September 2023.
SG&A expenses increased 12% to 245.2 million euros in 2024 compared to the previous year. This increase was a
consequence of:
– higher "Employee benefit expenses (excl. R&D)", which increased 10% in 2024 versus 2023 resulting mostly from (i) a
wage increase of 10.3% in accordance with the XX General Collective Agreement for the Chemical Industry
2021-2023, and (ii) a 3% wage rise due to the entry into force of the XXI Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry
2024-2026[1] in November 2024; and
– an increase of 13% in "Other operating expenses (excl. R&D)" due to Okedi®'s launch in Europe and to non-recurrent
expenses. The latter includes (i) the process for a strategic assessment of the contract manufacturing business; and (ii)
the dismantling of the sodium heparin production plant in San Sebastián de los Reyes subsequent to the investment in
a new plant in Escúzar, approved by the European authorities in June 2024. Nevertheless, "Other operating expenses
(excl. R&D and non-recurrent expenses)" increased by 5% in comparison to 2023.
Furthermore, in 2024, the Pharmaceutical Industry Strategy for the period 2024-2028 was approved. This Strategy seeks to
integrate innovation, production and access to medicines, considering sustainability and the control of health spending. It
acknowledges that the pharmaceutical sector is of crucial importance for both people’s health and quality of life and the global
economy. Prepared by an inter-ministerial group and the main employers’ associations in the sector, it focuses on three key
aspects: equitable access to medicines, the sustainability of the National Health System, and promoting the industry’s
4