Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
3.18 Health tax
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January, 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in Spain
engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are prescribed in Spanish territory on official National
Health Service prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are calculated on a
scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48 and subsequently amended by Additional Provision 6 of Law
29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Company records the
accrued health tax as a sales discount at the time the sale is made. At the reporting date, a provision is recognised for
the estimated outstanding tax on the sales made and possible adjustments to the tax in the light of the actual sales for
the period.
During 2010, the Spanish government approved a reduction of the pharmaceutical expenditure of 2,800 million euros
through the introduction of two packages of pricing legislation. The first one was approved in March 2010 and was
focused on generic products. With regard to these products, which are those out of patent, the reduction was 25% on
average applied to the selling price to laboratories. The second package, which was approved in May 2010 and applied
as from June 2010, addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. A discount of 7.5% was applied to the selling price
to the public for these products. The Company has recognised the amounts relating to these measures as a decrease in
sales.
4. Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s global risk management program focuses on the unpredictability
of the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the Company’s Treasury Department, which, following policies approved by the
Board of Directors, identifies, assesses and hedges financial risks. This Department identifies, assesses and hedges the
financial risks in close co-operation with the Company’s operating units. The Audit Committee analyses policies for global
risk management, as well as for specific areas, such as interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess
liquidity.
a) Market risk
(i) Exchange rate risk
Foreign exchange risk is very low as (i) virtually all the Company’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) the majority of
the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies
other than the euro are sometimes hedged with exchange rate insurance contracts.
At 31 December, 2018, the Company held assets for an amount of 2,140 thousand zlotys. If the interest rate at the
reporting date had been 10% higher, these assets denominated in zlotys would have varied by 45 thousand euros and if
the exchange rate had been 10% lower, the variation would have been 55 thousand euros.
20