Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
4.2. Organisation of work
The world health crisis that affected us for a large part of 2020 and continues at the date of publication of this text has led
to the need to adapt the way in which all ROVI’s employees provide their services to this unusual situation. This has had
consequences in practically all areas of the employment relationship, including the place in which a large part of the
employees provide their services, the way in which working hours are recorded and the organisation of work time. It has
also affected the level of absences from work in the year and employee remuneration. Thus, in the worst moments of the
crisis, between mid-March and June 2020, ROVI Group employees who were physically present at work received an
economic reward equivalent to 20% of their salary for the period.
- Working day register
Royal Decree-Law 8/2019 of 8 March on Urgent Measures for Social Protection and the Fight against Job Insecurity in the
Workplace amended article 34.9 of the Workers’ Statute by requiring a working day register, which must include the specific
starting and finishing times of the working day of each worker. The foregoing falls within the framework of the public
authorities’ intention, which ROVI shares, to ensure compliance with the limits on working hours, create a framework of
legal certainty, protect workers against abuse of their working time, avoid fraud in providing and paying social security
contributions on overtime and favour the work-life balance.
The working day register has never been the cause of any conflict in the organisation, since it was introduced into the
Group decades ago. Likewise, office workers and those holding positions of responsibility have always worked on a flexible
basis in an environment of mutual trust.
In this context, ROVI has adapted the working hours system to the new requirement of the Royal Decree by developing
rules on time checks that are a continuation of the policy that has been implemented in the organisation for decades,
likewise including the specific features of certain jobs for which these checks are more complicated, putting guidelines in
place to ensure legal certainty and the rights of both the workers and the organisation.
The COVID-19 health crisis has brought a generalised use of teleworking to all the jobs where physical presence at the
work centre is not indispensable and which permit distance working. The ease of implementing it and efficiency in the work
performed have been variable in different jobs, but, however, prevention measures, the employees’ health and public
health have been given priority over any other criterion. During this crisis, all the office staff who do not necessarily need
to be present at the work centre have worked from home. The percentage of teleworking has varied between 100% and
70%, depending on the severity of the different waves of the crisis, the need for a work-life balance and the health of each
employee.
The foregoing has led to the adaptation of the already existing working hours registration system, where people clocked in
physically on the company’s premises, and the implementation of a clocking-in system better adapted to teleworking.
24