LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Presence of Women and Men, as well as the new Audit Committee governance features introduced by Technical Guide
1/2024 on Audit Committees at Public-Interest Entities.
The functions attributed to the Board of Directors by the applicable laws and the Company’s internal regulations include the
following:
• Issuing the annual accounts and management report and proposing the distribution of the Company’s profit to the
General Shareholders’ Meeting.
• Approving the general policies and strategies and the organisation necessary to implement them, including the
strategic plan, management goals and annual budget, among other items.
• Overseeing and verifying that management meets the goals established and respects the Company’s corporate
purpose and interests.
• Supervising the preparation of the financial and non-financial information.
• Calling the General Shareholders’ Meeting, preparing the agenda and motions, and publishing the related
announcements.
ROVI has two committees among its advisory and information bodies. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee focuses
on providing advice to ROVI’s Board of Directors and supervision of the composition, operation and remuneration of the Board
and the Company’s senior management. Proposals to the Board to integrate sustainability-related performance into the
incentive systems for directors and members of senior management would depend, if applicable, on this Committee. Likewise,
the Committee’s functions include reviewing the social and environmental-related aspects of the Sustainability Policy, ensuring
that it is oriented towards value creation. In this respect, attention should be drawn to the fact that the Commission must carry
out its functions with a critical attitude, always maintaining its independence and verifying that the information published on the
corporate website regarding director remuneration meets the legal requirements, taking account of the applicable good
governance recommendations.
In addition, the responsibilities of ROVI’s Audit Committee include the supervision and control of the processes of preparing
and presenting financial information and the efficacy of the risk control and management systems. Regarding its role in risk
control and management, the Committee has the following functions:
• Conducting periodic reviews and monitoring of the internal risk control and management systems, evaluating their
efficacy to ensure that the main risks are identified, managed and notified appropriately.
• Overseeing and assessing the process of preparing and presenting the financial information and ensuring it is
complete.
• Regularly identifying the internal information and control systems and overseeing the Risk Control and Management
Policy.
• Identifying the different types of financial and non-financial risk at corporate level, including operating, technological,
legal social, environmental, political and reputational risks, among others.
• Overseeing the operation of and compliance with the Crime Prevention Model.
• Reporting on related-party transactions and ensuring auditor independence and the independence and efficacy of the
internal audit service.
• Ensuring the independence of the reviewer.
During the year, the Audit Committee Regulations were amended to include aspects from the CNMV’s new Technical Guide on
Audit Committees, which introduced novelties mainly in relation to the treatment of sustainability reporting and its related risks.
Thus, the Audit Committee oversees both financial and non-financial risks, including sustainability-related risks. To fulfil this
function, the Committee’s roles in relation to sustainability have been defined, recommending mechanisms for coordination
between the bodies that hold responsibilities in these matters. Furthermore, it is suggested that Committee members should
have knowledge of sustainability. The CNMV’s Technical Guide also includes sustainability as a topic that should form part of
5