Free translation of the 2020 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2020 Management Report
“We are very pleased with these results, since, not only do they prove that our ISM® technology works, but also
because we believe that Doria® will be able to help cover an unmet medical need”, said Dr. Ibón Gutierro, ROVI’s
Corporate R&D Manager. Likewise, Dr. Gutierro explained that “this study is proof that a schizophrenic patient with
moderate to severe psychotic symptoms can also be treated with a long-acting injectable antipsychotic like Doria®”.
On the basis of these positive results and the other data from the product, ROVI previously announced the
commencement of the centralised procedure for registration with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in January
2020. Likewise, at its Capital Markets Day held on 24 November, ROVI has just announced the filing of an NDA (New
Drug Application), i.e. a registration dossier to obtain marketing authorisation in the USA, with the FDA (Food and Drug
Administration).
4.2 ROVI informs on the impact of COVID-19 on the company’s activities
ROVI reports (by publication of the relevant information number 1365 dated 2nd of April of 2020) that, since the beginning
of the propagation of COVID-19, ROVI has been executing the contingency plans necessary to guarantee the health and
safety of its employees and those who work with it, as well as to ensure the continuity of the business and fulfil its
responsibility to supply medicines to the hospitals of Spain and Europe.
To this end, ROVI has adopted a number of initiatives in line with the recommendations made by the authorities. Among
them, we highlight the fact that ROVI has reduced the processes that must be performed in person at its facilities to a
minimum. Thus, a significant part of the workforce is working from a distance. In the cases where home working is not
possible, particularly at the manufacturing plants, ROVI is keeping all its production activities at a kind of normal activity
level, with the relevant safety measures, in order to ensure that its medicines continue to be available to patients during
the health crisis.
ROVI considers that it is extremely important to keep its manufacturing plants in operation in order to fulfil its
responsibility as a pharmaceutical manufacturer. Therefore, the company wishes to acknowledge the commitment and
responsibility shown by those of its employees who are physically present at work every day and, for these employees,
has approved a bonus of 20% of their salary corresponding to the duration of the State of Alarm decreed by the Spanish
government. Likewise, in order to work with the greatest safety and maintain the continuity of the production activities,
ROVI recommends avoiding the use of public transport for travelling to the plants and assumes the cost of private
transport and parking spaces for those employees who so require.
ROVI’s sales behaved in line with company’s expectations in the first nine months of 2020. As a consequence, the
company confirms the growth forecasts reported previously for 2020, which placed growth in operating revenue in mid-
single-digit figures, i.e. from 0% to 10%. Notwithstanding, given the uncertainties associated to the development of the
current situation (which ROVI will continue to monitor closely), it is not yet possible to make a precise assessment of the
impact that the pandemic will have on the current year.
Regarding the possible impact of COVID-19 on each one of the areas of the company, the following may be highlighted:
1. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has recommended ROVI’s low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWHs),
Bemiparin (Hibor®) and the Enoxaparin biosimilar, sales of which accounted for 47% of the company’s
operating revenue in 2019, as essential medicines for people hospitalised in intensive care units due to COVID-
19. For this reason, in view of the habitual use of the product in hospitalised patients, the company believes that
there will be a rise in LMWH sales in hospitals during the period of the health crisis. On the other hand, ROVI
expects that the significant reduction in the number of surgical operations performed during the period of
5