Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
As stated in the ROVI’s Code of Ethics, any practice involving bribery or corruption as a way to obtain a decision
favourable to the company’s interests is rejected and practices intended to do business using undue means are not
tolerated.
No ROVI employee may offer a third party any type of benefit that aims to influence or is offered with the intention of
illicitly influencing the third party’s capacity to adopt objective and legitimate business decisions.
Likewise, ROVI employees are expressly prohibited from accepting any kind of corruption or bribery offered by a third
party.
All interaction with health professionals, health organization, health systems, pharmacies, stores, purchasers,
distributors, suppliers, commercial partners, public employees or any other third parties must be governed by legality and
ethics and in line with ROVI’s values, company policies, the laws applicable to us and industry standards.
ROVI has an anti-corruption policy that regulates both giving and accepting gifts. This policy must be known and
observed by all the professionals.
Accepting or giving gifts may never be used as a stratagem in order to bribe or conceal an illicit action.
5.- RISK MANAGEMENT
5.1 Operational risks
The main risk factors to which the Group considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business objectives are
the following:
- Changes in the legislation regulating the market aimed to contain pharmaceutical expense (price control,
reference prices, support for generic products, co-payment, purchase platforms, …);
- Finalization of contractual relationships with customers representing a significant part of its sales or renewal in
less favourable conditions than the current ones;
- Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing
its products are supplied;
- Late payment on the part of the public authorities in the short term; and
- Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the size and complexity of the Group.
ROVI is permanently on the alert and is keeping any risks that may have an adverse effect on its business activities
under constant surveillance, applying the appropriate policies and mechanisms to manage them and constantly
developing contingency plans that can be used to mitigate or offset their impact. Among them, we highlight the fact that
the Group (i) continues, every year, to apply an internal saving policy that is principally based on improving the efficiency
of its internal and external operating processes; (ii) is working intensively to maintain a broad and diversified portfolio of
products and customers; (iii) is continuing with its target of constantly opening up new markets as a result of its
international expansion plan; and (iv) the Group exercises strict credit control and manages its cash effectively, which
ensures that sufficient working capital is generated and maintained to allow its day-to-day operations to be carried out;
and (v) The Company has an exhaustive tax risk control system, with external tax advisors who review the preparation
and filing of the different taxes as well as the Group’s decision-making on tax issues.
16