Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
Buy-back programme for ROVI shares
ROVI informed the market (in inside information publication number 1926 of 26 July 2023) that, effective as of 26 July
2023, a buy-back programme (the “Buy-Back Programme”) had commenced with the following conditions:
1. Purpose and scope: the cancellation of ROVI shares (capital reduction) while, at the same time, increasing
ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the earnings per share.
2. Term: starting on 26 July 2023 for a twelve-month period.
3. Maximum monetary amount: up to 130,000 thousand euros, The maximum price per share cannot exceed the
amount provided for in article 3.2. of Delegated Regulation 20216/1052.
The authorisation for the acquisition of treasury shares granted to the Board of Directors at the General
Shareholders’ Meeting of 17 June 2021 established (a) a minimum price equivalent to the nominal value of the
treasury shares acquired and (b) a maximum price equivalent to a price no higher than the greater of (i) the
price of the latest transaction conducted in the market between independent parties and (ii) the highest price
contained in a purchase order in the order book.
4. Maximum number of share to be acquired: 2,700,000 shares in the Company, representing approximately 5% of
ROVI’s share capital at 26 July 2023.
5. Trading volume taken as a reference: the trading volume that will be taken as a reference for the purposes of
article 3.3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 for the duration of the Buy-Back Programme will be 25% of the
average daily trading volume of the ROVI shares at the trading venue where the purchase is made during the
twenty trading days preceding the purchase date.
On 11 June 2024, ROVI concluded the Buy-Back programme, having acquired 2,233,466 shares for an amount of 130.0
million euros, representing approximately 4.3% of the share capital.
As notified when the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the purpose of the Programme was to cancel shares of ROVI
through a reduction of capital and, at the same time, to contribute to ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the
profit per share. The reduction of the capital will be carried out by cancelling 2,780,395 shares. The latter corresponds to
(i) the shares repurchased within the framework of the aforementioned Buy-Back Programme, and (ii) part of the existing
treasury shares, which total 546,929. The capital reduction was approved at the Ordinary General Shareholders’
Meeting, held on 24 June 2024. The new amount of the share capital, after the shares mentioned have been cancelled
and excluded from trading, will appear in the registers of the National Securities Market Commission and Iberclear a few
days after registration of the deed of capital reduction. The Company will provide further information in due course.
Finally, after completion of the Buy-back Programme, ROVI informed of the resumption, as of 12 June 2024, of
transactions under the liquidity contract signed between the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. for management of the
Company’s treasury shares, of which the market was informed on 5 April 2022 in the pertinent announcement of other
relevant information (register number 15427). When the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the liquidity contract was
suspended for the duration of the Programme, in accordance with CNMV Circular 1/2017 of 26 April, Provision Five, 2.c).
Likewise, the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. decided to modify the balances of securities and cash associated to the
Liquidity Contract in the terms reported to the market as other relevant information on the same date.
ROVI announces an agreement for the manufacture of prefilled syringes
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (hereinafter, “ROVI”), informed (by publication of the inside information number
2207 dated 25th April 2024) that its subsidiary, ROVI’s wholly owned CDMO platform, ROVI Pharma Industrial Services,
S.A.U. (hereinafter “ROIS”) had entered into an agreement to support the manufacture of pre-filled syringes for a global
pharmaceutical company.
Under the terms of the agreement, ROIS will provide a high-speed production line at the ROIS’ San Sebastián de los
Reyes facility in Madrid, with an estimated annual capacity of 100 million units. The agreement includes the technology
transfer for aseptic filling and has a commercial production term of five years subject to the terms of the agreement,
beginning on the date of manufacture of the first commercial lot. After the technology transfer and regulatory approval,
commercial production is expected to commence in 2026. As from 2027, which is expected to be the first full recurrent
manufacturing year, the ROVI´s Group CDMO division expects to have a positive revenues increase impact ranging
between 20% and 45% over 2023 sales.
32