LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
With a national scope, ROVI took part in a project called “Ibereucaliptos, S.A.”, which consists of a forest restoration and
sustainable forest management project. The objective is to recover the land affected by a fire in 2019 on the “El Vinagre”
property, located in the municipalities of Paterna del Campo and Berrocal in the province of Huelva. As a result of this project,
ROVI obtained the “Compensate” seal associated to the Carbon Footprint Register of the Ministry for the Ecological Transition
and Demographic Challenge (MITERD). The carbon credits from this tCO removal project come from biogenic sinks and
2
represented a total cost of €49,676.55, offsetting a total of 1,500 tCO .
2
With an international scope, ROVI participated in the Zhejiang Tangcun hydroelectric project, which is a project to expand the
9.13 MW plant to 32 MW. This project uses the flow of water from the existing reservoir to improve production efficiency and
increase the amount of electricity generated. The carbon credits from this tCO reduction project come from the United Nations
2
Framework Convention on Climate Change and represented a total cost of $10,064.25, offsetting a total of 13,500 tCO.
2
In this respect, the total amount of emissions removed as a result of the offset projects in which ROVI participated is shown
below:
Carbon credits cancelled in the reporting year
2022
Total tonnes of tCO2 15,000
Proportion of removal projects 10%
Proportion of reduction credits (%) 90%
Recognised quality standard MITERD 10%
Recognised quality standard UNFCCC
90%
(%)
Proportion of projects in EU (%) 10%
Proportion of carbon credits that may
be considered applicable adjustments -
(%)
ROVI has not defined the total amount of carbon credits outside the Company’s value chain that it intends to cancel in the
future.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-8: Internal carbon pricing
ROVI does not currently have an internal carbon pricing system and, therefore, the disclosure of the rest of the information
associated to this Disclosure Requirement is not applicable.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-9: Anticipated financial effects for material physical and
transition risks and potential climate-related opportunities
In accordance with Appendix C of ESRS 1 (list of phased-in Disclosure Requirements), in the present year, ROVI is applying the
exemption from disclosing the quantification of the anticipated financial effects in monetary terms related to physical and
transition risks, given that the company may omit the information to which this Disclosure Requirement refers in the first year of
preparation of its Report. Additionally, ROVI may disclose only qualitative information for the first three years of preparation of
the statement. Neither will it provide a description of the effects considered or the basic assumptions used to quantify the
anticipated financial effects.
78