Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
The loan is for 45 million euros. ROVI may draw down this amount during a period of 24 months as from signature of the
contract and the loan will mature in 2029. The loan provides for a three-year grace period and financial conditions (i.e.
applicable interest rates, repayment periods, etc.) favourable to ROVI.
For the Company, the EIB loan represents an additional financing channel for its R&D&i projects, for which it likewise
uses significant amounts of its own equity.
In the year 2016, ROVI’s R&D&i expenditure was 17.5 million euros, 6% up on the preceding year. Likewise, the
Company expects average R&D&i expenditure in the period 2017-2019 to be approximately 32 million euros per year.
This financing operation is supported by the European Union under the European Fund for Strategic Investments (EFSI),
within the framework of what is known as the “Juncker Plan”.
The research activities associated to this agreement reinforce ROVI’s innovation capacity and help the company to
maintain a competitive edge and expand its international presence.
2.3.2 ROVI has commenced the marketing of the Enoxaparin biosimilar in Germany
On 7th of March 2017, the market was informed by publication of a relevant fact (number 249265) that the decentralised
procedure used for the Company to submit, in twenty-six countries of the European Union, the marketing authorization
application of a low molecular weight heparin (Enoxaparin biosimilar) was completed with positive outcome.
In the mentioned decentralised procedure, Germany has acted as Reference Member State (RMS). The national phase
of the registration process, which is expected to be completed with the granting by the competent local authorities of the
marketing authorisation in each concerned country, was initiated in the first quarter 2017, and it continued during the rest
of the year.
By 31st December 2017, the countries with the registration national phase approved are Germany, France, UK, Italy,
Norway, Sweden, Austria, Hungary, Slovenia, Estonia, Latvia, Slovakia and Bulgaria.
In September 2017, ROVI has informed by publication of a relevant fact (number 256121), the commencement of
marketing of Enoxaparin biosimilar in Germany, the first European country where ROVI launches its biosimilar and one
of the top Enoxaparin countries in Europe (in terms of volume and value).
ROVI will regularly update the milestones considered relevant in this process of marketing authorisation as the schedule
of the registration of the medicinal product progresses in each country.
2.3.3 ROVI updates the Phase III-PRISMA 3 project of Risperidone ISM®, called DORIA®
On 24th of October 2017, the company released a relevant fact (number 257683) updating the evolution of Phase III-
PRISMA 3 of Risperidone ISM®, called DORIA®.
As mentioned before, in May 2017, ROVI began a Phase III study for a long-acting injectable (LAI) based in the ISM®
technology patented by ROVI, to treat schizophrenia called DORIA® (previously Risperidone ISM®).
6