Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
The Group considers that, in the case of the development of pharmceutical products, the aforementioned requirements
are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new products
developed under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing authorization is
filed.
The cost of assets generated internally by the Group is measured following the same principles as established for
determining the production cost of inventories. Production costs are capitalized by crediting the costs attributable to the
asset to accounts under the heading “Work performed by the Group on non-current assets” in the consolidated income
statement (consolidated statement of comprehensive income).
2.8. Borrowing costs
General and specific interest costs that are directly attributable to the acquistion, construction or production of qualifying
assets, which are those that necessarily require a substantial time period before they are ready for their planned use or
to be sold, are added, if applicable, to the cost of these assets until the time when said assets are substantially ready for
their intended use or to be sold.
Finance income obtained from the temporary investment of specific loans while they are waiting to be used on the
qualifying assets are deducted from capitalizable interest costs.
The rest of the interest costs are expensed in the annual period in which they are incurred.
2.9. Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life and those that are not in a usable condition are not amortized and are
tested annually for impairment. Amortizable assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the
amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of
an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows that are largely independent (cash-generating
units). Previous impairment losses on non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed at each reporting date to
see whether then can be reversed.
2.10. Financial assets
(a) Classification of financial assets
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: loans and receivables, and available-for-sale. The
classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the
classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
15