LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
high-value-added technological product like heparin, and, second, the development of new animal feed supplements and
fertilisers.
S1 Own workforce
Regarding the Company’s own workforce, a total of 29 IROs: 26 positive impacts and 3 risks were found to be material.
With regard to impacts arising from employee relations, ROVI shows a strong commitment to the work-life balance,
implementing policies that include flexible working and disconnection from work measures, which significantly improves
employee well-being. Furthermore, social dialogue and smooth communication through the works councils are encouraged,
allowing employees to take an active part in the decisions that affect them. ROVI also stands out for offering stable
employment conditions, such as permanent contracts, which reinforces the sense of belonging and secure employment
among the workers. In turn, it is committed to respect for human and work-related rights, thus reinforcing an ethical and
responsible work environment.
The main material risks concern the potential drain of highly-qualified talent because the salaries offered are less competitive
than those of the competition or if it were not possible to maintain the Group’s current employment characteristics in the
future, which would affect talent attraction and retention.
S2 Workers in the value chain
Regarding value chain workers, a total of 8 IROs: 5 negative impacts, 1 positive impact and 2 opportunities were found to be
material.
The Group has adhered to the EcoVadis platform, which evaluates suppliers in relation to ESG aspects, such as
environment, human rights and work-related practices, ethics and sustainable purchasing, facilitating continuous
improvement and regulatory compliance. In addition, although ROVI seeks to ensure respect for human rights through a
Code of Ethics, not all the suppliers have adhered to it and the absence of appropriate proceedings could unleash material
negative impacts in this respect.
The material opportunities are related to implementation of ESG audit programmes across the value chain to strengthen the
Group’s reputation by showing its commitment to responsible practices. Likewise, establishing a sustainable purchasing
policy could not only enhance ROVI’s reputation, but also optimise costs, since it would promote purchasing practices that
minimised the environmental and social impact.
S4 Consumers and end-users
In relation to consumers and end-users, a total of 29 IROs: 4 negative impacts, 19 positive impacts, 5 risks and 1 opportunity
were found to be material.
As part of its essential activity, ROVI is especially sensitive to compliance with the regulations associated to clinical trials
and, therefore, provides an Informed Consent Form in these trials, reviewed by an independent Ethics Committee, ensuring
that the participants have full information. This has a positive impact on access to quality information. In this respect, a lack
of complete information could have a negative impact on patient safety and health.
Additionally, if competitors get in before ROVI in R&D&I projects or register substitute products first, this may reduce ROVI’s
profitability and revenue. However, researching into specific health needs offers ROVI opportunities to innovate and grow,
enhancing its reputation and value in the eyes of the investors.
G1 Business conduct
With regard to business conduct, a total of 19 IROs: 18 positive impacts and 1 opportunity were found to be material.
Some of the positive impacts identified are related to ROVI’s efforts to ensure animal welfare in its research by complying
with the guidelines of the Animal Testing Policy, likewise working to replace tests using animals by in vitro studies and
mathematical models. Furthermore, the Group is strongly committed to business ethics, which is reflected in the zero
27