ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
Amount
Name of related
Brief description of the transaction
party
thousand €)
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. owns 50% of the company Alentia Biotech, S.L. and Mr Juan López-Belmonte López and Messrs Juan and
Javier López-Belmonte Encina are members of its Board of Directors.
D.6. Describe the mechanisms in place to detect, determine and resolve potential conflicts of interest between
the company and/or its group and its directors, senior management or significant shareholders.
According to article 28 of the Regulations of the Board, directors must notify the Board of the existence of conflicts of interest relating
both to the directors themselves and persons related to them. Persons related to a director are defined as follows: a) his or her spouse or
person with whom the director has an analogous affective relationship; b) forebears, descendants and siblings of the director or the
director’s spouse; c) forebears, descendants and siblings of the director’s spouse; and d) companies in which the director, him or herself,
or through an intermediate person, is in one of the situations included in the first section of article 42 of the Code of Commerce. In the
event of directors that are legal entity persons, related parties are defined as the following: a) shareholders who are, in respect of the
director that is a legal person, in one of the situations included in the first section of article 42 of the Code of Commerce, b) the de facto o
de jure administrators, the liquidators and the persons hold general powers of attorney from the director that is a legal person; c) the
companies that form part of the same group and their shareholders; d) the persons who, in respect of the representative of the director
that is a legal person, are considered persons related to a director.
The director must refrain from participating in the deliberations and voting on resolutions or decisions when he, or a related person, has a
direct or indirect conflict of interest. Resolutions and decisions that affect the director in his capacity as such, like his appointment to
positions on the governing body or others with analogous implications or the revocation of such appointments, are excluded from the
aforementioned obligation. Likewise, directors must adopt the necessary measures to avoid situations in which their interests, either on
their own behalf or on behalf of others, may enter into conflict with the corporate interests and their duties to the Company. In particular,
the duty to avoid conflicts of interest obliges the director to refrain from: (a) performing transactions with the Company, except in the
case of ordinary transactions, carried out under standard conditions for customers and of little importance, defined as those on which
information is not necessary in order to express a true and fair view of the Company’s equity, financial situation and results. In the case
of transactions in the ordinary course of business that are habitual or recurring, a generic authorisation from the Board of Directors of the
transaction and the conditions under which it is performed will suffice; (b) using the Company’s name or referring to their status as a
director to unduly influence the execution of private transactions; (c) making use of corporate assets, including the Company’s
confidential information, for private purposes; (d) taking advantage of the Company’s business opportunities; (e) obtaining benefit or
remuneration from third parties other than the Company associated to the performance of his or her position; (f) carrying on activities on
the director’s own behalf or on behalf of a third party that entail effective competition, whether it be real or potential, with the Company
or that, in some other way, places the director in permanent conflict with the Company’s interests. The Company may excuse the director
in exceptional cases by authorising a director or a person related thereto to perform a determined transaction with the Company, use
certain corporate assets, take advantage of a specific business opportunity or obtain benefit or remuneration from a third party.
The General Shareholders’ Meeting must necessarily, in an express separate resolution, grant the authorisation to which the preceding
paragraph refers when it is intended to excuse obtaining benefit or remuneration from a third party or affects a transaction for a value in
excess of ten percent of the corporate assets. In the other cases, the authorisation may also be granted by the Board of Directors,
provided that the independence of the members granting the authorisation in respect of the director receiving it is sufficiently guaranteed.
Additionally, it will be necessary, in the latter of the cases mentioned, to ensure that the transaction authorised does not harm the
Company’s equity or, where applicable, is performed under market conditions, as well as the transparency of the process.
A director may only be excused from the non-compete obligation in the event that no harm can be expected for the Company or that any
harm expected will be offset by the benefit it is expected to obtain from the authorisation. The authorisation will be granted in an
express, separate resolution of the General Meeting.
D.7. State whether the company is controlled, pursuant to the meaning established in Article 42 of the Commercial
Code, by another listed or non-listed entity, and has, directly or through its subsidiaries, business relationships
with that entity or any of its subsidiaries (other than those of the listed company) or carries out activities related
to the activities of any of them.
[ √ ] Yes
[ ] No
State whether detailed information has been made public regarding the respective lines of business and the business relations between the
listed company and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the parent company and its subsidiaries, on the other:
[ √ ] Yes
[ ] No
35 / 65