Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
b) Standards, interpretations and amendments that have not yet come into force but which are available for
early adoption for annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2020
At the signature date of these consolidated annual accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the following standards, amendments and interpretations application of which is mandatory from 2021
onwards. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group, although they have not been adopted
early:
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAC 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” and IFRS 7
“”Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (Amendment): Reform of interest rate benchmarks. This Amendment
changes the specific requirements of hedge accounting in such a way that companies will apply said hedge
accounting requirements assuming that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows are based
and the cash flows of the hedging instrument will not change as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform.
The entry into force of this Amendment has had no impact on ROVI.
• IFRS 4 (Amendment) “Insurance Contracts” (deferral of effective date of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments). This
Amendment approves the extension of the temporary exemption from the application of IFRS 9 in Europe
(Amendments to IFRS 4) (“the Amendments”). The Amendments change the end of the temporary exemption
from IFRS 9 from 1 Janunary, 2021 to 1 January, 2023.
c) Standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that cannot be adopted early or that have
not been endorsed by the European Union.
At the date of signature of these consolidated annual accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the standards, amendments and interpretations described below which have not yet been endorsed by the
European Union. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group:
• IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”, replacing IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”. The new IFRS 17 establishes the
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts within the
scope of IFRS 17. Moreover, it removes current inconsistencies and weaknesses through a new framework
based on a single principle to account for all insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts. The IASB
proposes that this Standard should come into force on 1 January, 2023. No significant impacts on ROVI are
expected.
• IAS 1 (Amendment) “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This will mean a change in the classification of
liabilities. This Amendment arises with the intention of promoting uniform application and clarifying the
requirements to determine whether a liability is current or non-current. The IASB proposes that this Amendment
should come into force on 1 January, 2023. ROVI will analyse the potential impact of this Amendment, but no
significant effects are expected.
• IFRS 3 (Amendment) “Business Combinations”. This Amendment is intended to clarify the definition of
business in order to facilitate the practical application of the Standard. The IASB proposes that this Amendment
should come into force on 1 January, 2022. ROVI will take this Amendment into account in the event that any
transactions that require the Standard to be applied take place.
12