LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
During 2024, ROVI also implemented an initiative concerning the recovery and recycling of vials, called “Plan Recicla”. In
collaboration with the hospitals with which agreements are held, the Group collects the glass vials and waste contrast medium
liquid from its customers in order to recover them at a recycling plant, allowing energy to be obtained.
Likewise, in respect of the objective of increasing the amount of non-hazardous waste recycled compared to 2023 by 10%, the
distribution area succeeded in increasing the figure by 23.08%. This action involved an operating expense of €1,597.20 for the
Company.
Finally, it should be noted that the consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and
Equipment” and Note 7 “Intangible Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in
Note 25 “Other Operating Expenses”.
b. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement E5-3: Targets related to resource use and circular economy
The objective of this disclosure requirement is to enable an understanding of the targets fixed by ROVI to support actions
related to resource use and circular economy and address the associated material impacts and risks.
At present, ROVI does not have measurable time-bound and outcome-oriented targets to handle the impacts and risk related to
the material topic derived from the double materiality assessment: resource inflows. In this respect, purchasing criteria do not
include environmental objectives related to resource use and circular economy, such as an increase in circular product design,
an increase in the circular material use rate, the minimisation of primary raw materials or sustainable sourcing and use of
renewable resources, among others.
Additionally, the Group is currently working on definition of a new waste minimisation plan for the period 2025-2028 with time-
bound and outcome-oriented targets to address the material impacts related to the material topics resource and waste outflows.
Likewise, as a result of failure to meet certain objectives for the period 2020-2024, those on which ROVI will continue to work in
future years are set out below:37
Alcalá de Henares Complex:
• 5% reduction in biosanitary waste compared to 2024.
• 2% reduction in the plastic used in shrink-wrapping the finished product compared to 2023.
San Sebastián de los Reyes Complex:
• Improving the automatic tank washing system to reduce generation of the waste “basic solutions”.
Julián Camarillo Complex:
• Reduction in consumption of plastic associated to medicine waste packaging by 20% (and hence reducing generation of
the waste “medicine mixture for inertisation”).
• Reduction in the waste “filters”.
Granada Complex:
• Reduction in the waste “basic solutions” generated as rejection by new VOC treatment equipment. The study of the
metrics involved in the VOC treatment system will be expanded in order to find whether the measures adopted are
correct and lead to the expected reduction in the waste, the targeted limit of which has not yet been defined.
• Reduction, compared to 2024, of the relative value (tonnes/year) of the “halogenated solvent” waste derived from the
LMWH manufacturing process.
37 All these objectives will be reviewed annually and may be discarded if the Group considers this necessary.
91