Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
3.4.- Dividends
On 17 June, 2021, the General Meeting of Shareholders approved the distribution of the 2020 profit, which included a
dividend to be distributed to shareholders for a maximum total amount of 21,373 thousand euros (0.3812 euros gross per
share). This dividend was paid out in July 2021.
On October 20, 2020, the General Meeting of Shareholders approved the distribution of the 2019 profit, which included a
dividend to be distributed to shareholders for a maximum total amount of 9,818 thousand euros (0.1751 euros gross per
share). This dividend was paid out in November 2020.
4.- OTHER NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The Statement of Non-Financial Information of the ROVI Group for the year 2021 is an integral part of this Management
Report, although it is presented as a separate document. It will be available as a document released on 23 February 2022
at https://www.cnmv.es/portal/Otra-Informacion-Relevante/Resultado-OIR.aspx?nif=A-28041283.
5.- RISK MANAGEMENT
5.1.- Operational risks
The main risk factors to which the Group considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business objectives are
the following:
- Failure to complete the Research and Development projects that ROVI is executing successfully or in the
expected manner.
- Changes in the prescription criteria or changes in the legislation regulating the market aimed to contain
pharmaceutical expense (price control, reference prices, support for generic products, co-payment, purchase
platforms, …).
- Actions on the part of the competition that have an adverse impact on ROVI’s sales.
- Ciber attack risk.
- Concentration of operations in certain geographical areas.
- Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing
its products are supplied;
- Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the size and complexity of the Group.
ROVI is permanently on the alert and is keeping any risks that may have an adverse effect on its business activities under
constant surveillance, applying the appropriate policies and mechanisms to manage them and constantly developing
contingency plans that can be used to mitigate or offset their impact. Among them, we highlight the fact that the Group (i)
continues with the diversification of suppliers of raw materials and other packaging materials necessary for the manufacture
of the products; (ii) is continuing with its target of constantly opening up new markets as a result of its international
expansion plan; (iii) continues to enhance its processes and controls, including those related to the manufacturing process
and to the internationalization process; (iv) is working intensively to maintain a broad and diversified portfolio of products
and customers; (v) perseveres every year with its savings plan, which has focused mainly on improving the efficiency of
its internal and external operating processes; (vi) the Group exercises strict credit control and manages its cash effectively,
which ensures that sufficient working capital is generated and maintained to allow its day-to-day operations to be carried
out; (vii) the Group has an exhaustive tax risk control system, with external tax advisors who review the preparation and
filing of the different taxes as well as the Group’s decision-making on tax issues; y (viii) the Group intensifies its work to
mitigate the risk of cyberattacks by raising awareness among its staff and conducting cybersecurity reviews.
18