Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
Contingent liabilities are the possible obligations arising from past events the materialization of which depends on
whether one or more future events take place irrespective of the Company’s wishes. These contingent liabilities are not
recognized but details are set forth in the Notes (Note 28).
3.12 Business combinations
Transactions of merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution of a business between group companies are recorded
applying the rules for transactions with related parties (Note 3.16).
Other merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution transactions and business combinations arising from the acquisition
of all the assets and liabilities of a company or a part of a company that comprises one or more businesses are
recognized applying the acquisition method.
For business combinations resulting from the acquisition of shares in the capital of a company, the Company recognizes
the investment in accordance with the rules for investments in the equity of group, multi-group and associated companies
(Note 3.4.c).
3.13 Revenue recognition
Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods, rendering of services
and other revenue received in the ordinary course of the Company’s activties. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates,
discounts and value-added tax.
The Company recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future
economic benefits will flow to the Company and specific criteria have been met for each of the activities as described
below. The amount of revenue is not considered to be reliably measurable until all contingencies relating to the sale have
been resolved. The Company bases its estimates on historical results, taking into consideration the type of customer, the
type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.
a) Sale of goods
The Company sells pharmaceutical products for which it holds a manufacturing and sale licence in the wholesale market
and also to retailers. It also acquires and sells pharmaceutical products of other entities.
Sales of goods are recognized when the Company has delivered products to the customer and there is no unfulfilled
obligation which could affect the acceptance of the products by the customer. The sale does not take place until the
products and the obsolescence and loss risks have been transferred to the customer, the customer has accepted the
products in accordance with the sale contract and the acceptance period has finished, or the Company has objective
evidence for that the necessary criteria have been met for customer acceptance.
The products are sold with volume discounts and customers are entitled to return damaged products. Sales are
recognized at the price fixed in the sale contract, net of volume discounts and returns estimated at the date of sale.
Volume discounts are measured based on estimated annual purchases. Returns are not significant and they are
measured based on the Group’s historical experience (Note 2). Sales are carried out with short-term collection periods.
19