ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
D. RELATED-PARTY AND INTRAGROUP TRANSACTIONS
D.1. Describe, if applicable, the procedure for approval of related-party and intragroup transactions.
According to articles 47 of the Corporate Bylaws, 13 of the Regulations of the Board of Directors and 10 of the Regulations of the Audit
Committee, the Audit Committee is responsible for supervising compliance with the legislation on related-party transactions, ensuring that the
obligatory communications to the market are carried out providing prior reports to the Board of Directors when it is going to make decisions
on related-party transactions. Likewise, article 33 of the Regulations of the Board of Directors states any transaction the Company, or any
company belonging to its group, performs with the directors, in the terms legally provided for, or with shareholders who hold, either
individually or on a concerted basis with others, significant interests as defined in stock market legislation, including shareholders represented
on the Board of Directors of the Company or other companies that form part of the same group, or with persons related thereto, will require
the authorisation of the Board of Directors, subject to a prior report in favour from the Audi Committee. The directors affected or who
represent or are related to the shareholders affected must refrain from taking part in the deliberations and voting on the resolution in
question. Notwithstanding, this authorisation is not required in those related-party transactions that simultaneously meet three conditions: (i)
they are carried out under contracts with standard conditions applied to a large number of customers; (ii) they are carried out at market
prices or rates fixed on a general basis by the person or entity acting as supplier of the goods or services in question; and (iii) the amount of
the transaction does not exceed 1% of the Company’s annual revenue.
D.2. Describe any transactions which are significant, either because of the amount involved or subject
matter, entered into between the company or entities within its group and the company’s significant
shareholders:
Name of significant Name of company
Nature of the Type of Amount
shareholder within the group relationship transaction (thousand euros)
Laboratorios Dividends and
NORBEL Corporate 6,196
Farmacéuticos other profits
INVERSIONES, S.L.
Rovi, S.A. distributed
At its meeting held on 20 October 2020, the General Shareholders’ Meeting passed a resolution to pay a gross dividend of 0.1751 per
share to the shareholders. As a result of this resolution, the Company’s shareholders received the amount corresponding to their
shareholding on 19 November 2020. In particular, other Significant Shareholders received dividends amounting to 547 thousand euros.
D.3. Describe any transactions that are significant, either because of their amount or subject matter, entered into
between the company or entities within its group and directors or managers of the company:
Name of director
Name of the Type of Amount
Relationship
or manager related party transaction (thousand euros)
LABORATORIOS
MR IVÁN JORGE Operating lease
FARMACÉUTICOS
LÓPEZ-BELMONTE Commercial agreements 25
ROVI, S.A. -
ENCINA
REPRESENTAÇAO EM
PORTUGAL
33 / 65