Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
b) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Company before the normal retirement date, or
whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Company recognises
termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees
according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal; or providing termination benefits as a result of an
offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting
period are discounted to present value.
3.12 Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions for environmental restoration, restructuring costs and legal claims are recognised when the Company has a
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be
required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise lease
termination penalties and employee termination payments. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as a finance cost as accrued.
Provisions maturing at one year or less with an insignificant financial effect are not discounted.
When part of the expenditure necessary to settle the provision is expected to be reimbursed by a third party, the
reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, provided it is almost certain to be received.
Contingent liabilities are the possible obligations arising from past events the materialisation of which depends on
whether one or more future events take place irrespective of the Company’s wishes. These contingent liabilities are not
recognised but details are set forth in the Notes (Note 28).
3.13 Business combinations
Transactions of merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution of a business between group companies are recorded
applying the rules for transactions with related parties (Note 3.17).
Other merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution transactions and business combinations arising from the acquisition
of all the assets and liabilities of a company or a part of a company that comprises one or more businesses are
recognised applying the acquisition method.
For business combinations resulting from the acquisition of shares in the capital of a company, the Company recognises
the investment in accordance with the rules for investments in the equity of group, multi-group and associated companies
(Note 3.4.c).
3.14 Revenue recognition
Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods, rendering of services
and other revenue received in the ordinary course of the Company’s activties. Revenue is shown net of returns, rebates,
discounts and value-added tax.
16