ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
A.8. State whether any individual or company exercises or may exercise control over the company in
accordance with Article 5 of the Spanish Securities Market Act (“Ley de Mercados de Valores ” or “LMV”).
If so, please identify them:
[ √ ] Yes
[ ] No
Name of individual or company
NORBEL INVERSIONES, S.L.
A.9. Complete the following table with details of the company’s treasury shares:
At the close of the year:
Number of direct shares Number of indirect shares (*) Total percentage of share
capital
673,654 1.20
(*) Through:
Name of direct shareholder Number of direct shares
No data
A.10. Provide a detailed description of the conditions and terms of the authority given to the Board of Directors
to issue, repurchase, or dispose of treasury shares:
The General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 June, 2019 authorised the Company’s Board of Directors for the derivative acquisition of the Company’s own
shares, both directly by the Company itself and indirectly through its subsidiaries, observing the legally-established limits and requirements, in the terms set out
below:
a) The acquisitions may be made by means of purchase, exchange or any other type of share acquisition in return for a consideration permitted by law, up to the
maximum amount permitted by law. b) The minimum acquisition price or minimum value of the consideration will be equivalent to the par value of the treasury
shares acquired, while the maximum acquisition price or maximum value of the consideration will be equivalent to a price that is no higher than the higher of the
latest transaction performed on the market between independent parties and the highest price contained in a purchase order on an order card. c) The
authorisation will be in force for 5 years as of the date on which this resolution is approved. d) As a consequence of the acquisition of shares, including those that
the Company, or a person acting in their own name but on behalf of the Company, acquired previously and has held on their portfolio, the resulting equity cannot
fall lower than the amount of the share capital plus the reserves that, by law or pursuant to the Bylaws, are unavailable, all of which is in accordance with the
Corporate Enterprises Act.
Likewise, for the purposes set out in the Corporate Enterprises Act, any of the subsidiaries is authorised to acquire shares in the Company in the same terms as
set out in the resolution.
Shares acquired as a consequence of this authorisation may be disposed of or applied to the remuneration systems described in article 146.1.a) of the Corporate
Enterprises Act, and to conduct programmes that encourage the holding of shares in the Company’s capital, such as, for example, dividend reinvestment plans,
loyalty bonds or other similar instruments.
Likewise, said General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 June, 2019 delegated in the Board of Directors the power to increase the share capital, with authorisation
to exclude preferential subscription rights (with no limitation), observing the limits and requirements set out in the Corporate Enterprises Act, for a maximum term
of five years as of the resolution of the General Shareholders’ Meeting.
6 / 65