Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
ROVI works with a training model that foments self-responsibility and commitment. Thus, 10% of development and
learning takes place through training actions in the classroom or in virtual or e-learning format and 20% takes place
through feed-back, observation or with the support of mentors, coaches, professional associations, spaces for reflection,
conversations with other people, leaders, etc. Lastly 70% of development and learning takes the form of job experience,
applying new learning in real situations, problem-solving, participating in projects and new challenges, rotating through
different departments, etc., always taking the professional profile and the needs of each area into account.
- Basic principles of ROVI Group’s training programmes/actions:
• Training programmes will contain aspects related to respect for human rights and will foster an ethical
culture.
• No discrimination on the grounds of gender, age or origin. Professionals with equal positions and
professional development have the same training opportunities.
• Training actions will respect the current regulatory framework and demands of the work and business
environment. ROVI will provide training in new legislation, so that workers know and comply with
current laws.
• The use of different training tools is favoured (classroom, on-line, platforms, etc.).
• Sharing the knowledge that exists in the Company, continuing learning and cultural exchange is
encouraged.
- Scholarship policy:
For the ROVI Group, cooperation with universities and professional training centres is of key importance in recruiting
new, young talent for its teams. This is why the Company holds more than 20 agreements with Spanish universities at
national level, so that undergraduates in their last year and students studying for a Master’s degree or doctorate can
carry out their practical training in different areas of the Company, while professional training students can obtain their
practical training credits with ROVI.
85% of the people who have a scholarship at ROVI finally join the Company with a contract. The possibility for young
talents to train and ROVI’s investment in this training is indispensable in order to have a good reserve of talent for the
future.
• 90% of the ROVI Group’s scholarships are remunerated
• 90% of the scholarship are full time
• 90% of the scholarships last for 6+6 months
The total number of hours of training distributed by professional group are shown below:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 0 2019 2018 Var.
TOTAL HOURS OF TRAINING BY
0.0 740.6 3,684.9 5,358.6 10,231.2 3,727.8 4,237.2 61.2 122.4 28,163.9 24,057.9 17%
PROFESSIONAL GROUP*
* Professional group according to the XIX Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry.
The number of hours shown refers to training actions recorded either in the quality system or with the State Foundation
for Training in Employment. In addition to the aforementioned, numerous training actions are carried out as part of
normal job dynamics.
24