LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
b. Management of impacts, risks and opportunities
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-1: Policies related to own workforce
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to explain the Group’s policies related to its own workforce.
Regarding its commitment to people, ROVI has a number of policies in place related to its workforce, covering aspects closely
related to the material impacts and risks derived from the double materiality assessment:
• Human Rights Policy: sets out ROVI’s commitment to complying with international standards on respect for human rights,
establishing principles and specific rules to prevent its activities from having a negative impact on these rights. This
policy also seeks to implement the measures necessary to prevent and identify any violation and provide adequate
mitigation or remediation measures when necessary. The policy has been signed by the Company chairman and is
applicable to all Group companies.
• Code of Ethics: defines the basic requirements of the business conduct expected of the Group’s workforce and acts as
guidance in relations with other employees, customers, shareholders and suppliers, among other stakeholders. In this
Code, ROVI establishes its commitment to non-discrimination based on race, nationality, social origin, age, gender, civil
status, sexual orientation, ideology, political opinions, religion or any other personal, physical or social characteristic of its
workers. The Code, which is the basis for all the Group’s policies and procedures, has been signed by the Group
chairman and is applicable to all the workers in ROVI’s own workforce.
• Occupational Risk Prevention Management Policy: defines the the implementation of the health and safety system that
focuses on technological innovations to guarantee safe and healthy working conditions that, as far as possible, allow
workplace hazards to be eliminated and risks reduced. Likewise, it has been signed by the Company chairman and
applies to all the Group’s work centres.
• Environmental and Social Sustainability Policy: establishes ROVI’s principles for action, commitments, objectives and
strategies, encompassing various aspects, such as support, by adopting and disseminating it, for the integration of the
principles of the United Nations Global Compact and other international instruments, especially in the areas of human
rights, workplace practices, the environment and the fight against corruption. Methods to monitor compliance with the
policies and management of the associated risks are also included. This policy covers all Group companies and has
been approved by the Company chairman.
• Work-Life Balance Policy: includes work-life balance measures concerning flexible working and wage complements. This
policy was reviewed by the Company’s Human Resources Manager and is applied to the entire workforce.
• Director Remuneration Policy: determines the principles upon which director remuneration is based, including
moderation and adaptation to the best market practices, proportionality and compatibility. This policy was established by
ROVI’s Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the Group’s executive directors.
• Equality Plan: established in accordance with article 87 of the Workers’ Statute regarding the negotiation of collective
bargaining agreements, with the objective of setting the goals necessary to continue to improve application of the
principle of equality between men and women in the companies that belong to the Group. The Plan will be in force until
2026 for the workers at all the Group’s national work centres43 and has been signed by the Group’s Human Resources
Manager.
• Training Policy: establishes the procedures that the Human Resources Department and the departments of other areas
must follow to identify needs and plan training actions. Furthermore, it defines the actions necessary for the proper
implementation, development, organisation and delivery of training courses. This policy was approved by the Company’s
Human Resources Department.
• Protocol for Preventing and Handling Cases of Moral and Sexual Harassment: includes the preventive measures and
procedures for acting in harassment cases, rejecting any kind of violence, physical, sexual, psychological or moral
harassment, the abuse of authority in the workplace or any other conduct that creates a atmosphere that is intimidatory
or offensive with respect to the employees’ rights. The content of this protocol is mandatory for all members of Group
companies and any person who interacts with the Company.
43 At the time the Equality Plan was signed, ROVI Escúzar had not yet become a Group company, although all the obligations derived from the equality
legislation are respected.
103