Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
b) Financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss are those held for trading that are issued with the intention of
reacquiring them in the short term or those that form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments managed overall
to obtain short-term gains, together with financial liabilities that the Company designates to be included in this category
upon initial recognition because this provides more relevant information.
These financial liabilities are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value, recognising
any changes in profit and loss for the period.
Transaction costs directly allocable to issuance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
3.9 Grants received
Reimbursable grants are recognised as liabilities until they meet the conditions not to be considered non-reimbursable,
while non-reimbursable grants are recognised as income directly in the equity on a systematic and rational basis in
correlation with the expenses derived from the grant.
In this respect, a grant is considered non-reimbursable when there is an individual decision to award the grant, all the
conditions fixed for awarding it have been met and there is no reasonable doubt that it will be received.
Monetary grants are recognised at the fair value of the amount awarded and non-monetary grants at the fair value of the
item received. In both cases, the values refer to the time of recognition.
Non-reimbursable grants related to the acquisition of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and real estate
investments are allocated as income for the period in proportion to the amortisation or depreciation of the related assets
or, if applicable, when the assets are disposed of, there is a value adjustment for impairment or they are derecognised in
the statement of financial position. Non-reimbursable grants related to specific expenses are recognised in profit and loss
in the same period as the related expenses are accrued, while those awarded to offset an operating deficit are
recognised in the period in which they are granted, except when they are intended to offset operating deficits in future
periods, in which case they will be allocated to the period in question.
3.10 Current and deferred taxes
The income tax charged (credited) is the amount accrued in the year for this item comprising both current and deferred
income tax charged (credited).
Both the current and deferred income tax charged (credited) is recognised in profit and loss. Notwithstanding, the tax
effect related to items recorded directly in the equity is recognised in equity.
Current income tax assets and liabilities will be measured at the amounts it is expected to pay to or recover from the tax
authorities in accordance with current legislation or legislation that has been approved but not yet published at the end of
the reporting period.
15