Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
(ii) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are non-derivatives that are either designated in this
category or not classified in any of the other possible categories. They are included in non-current assets under the name of
“Equity securities” unless Management intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the end of the reporting period
or are measured at cost because it is not possible to estimate the fair value reliably.
Purchases and sales of investments are recognised on the trade date, i.e. the date on which the Group commits to purchase or
sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income are subsequently carried at fair value through other comprehensive income. Investments are
derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or been transferred and the Group has
substantially transferred all risks and rewards of ownership.
Dividends from equity instruments classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are
recognised in profit and loss as “Finance costs-net” when the Group’s right to receive payment is established.
The fair values of quoted investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not active (and for
unlisted securities), the Group establishes fair value on the basis of an analysis of discounted cash flows.
b) Derecognition of financial assets
The Group applies the criteria for derecognising financial assets to part of a financial asset or to part of a group of similar
financial assets or to a financial asset or to a group of similar financial assets.
Financial assets are derecognised in the accounts when the rights to receive cash flows related to them have expired or been
transferred and the Group has substantially transferred the risks and rewards of ownership. Likewise, if the Group retains the
contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the financial assets, these financial assets are derecognised only when
contractual obligations that determine payment of said flows to one or more recipients have been assumed and the following
requirements are met:
– Payment of the cash flows depends on their having been received previously;
– The Group cannot sell or pledge the financial asset; and
– The cash flows received on behalf of the final recipients are remitted without significant delay and the Group is not able
to reinvest the cash flows. An exception is made for investments in cash or cash equivalents made by the Group during
the settlement period, running from the date on which the cash flows are received and the remittance date agreed with
the final recipients, provided that any interest accrued is attributed to the final recipients.
Derecognition of a financial asset in full implies the recognition of a gain or loss for the difference between its carrying amount
and the total consideration received, net of transaction costs, including any assets acquired or liabilities assumed and any loss
or gain deferred in other comprehensive income.
2.12 Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of acquisition price and net realisable value. The acquisition price includes the amount
invoiced by the seller after deduction of any discount or price reduction, plus all the additional expenses incurred until the goods
are in place for sale, e.g. transport costs, customs duties or insurance. The net realisable value is defined as the amount that
may be obtained from selling the goods on the market after deduction of the estimated costs to sell.
The cost of finished goods and goods in progress includes raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and general
manufacturing costs (based on normal operating capacity). Since the Group’s inventories do not require a time period of longer
than a year to be in selling condition, no financial expenses are included in their cost.
The Group uses the weighted average cost method to determine the value of the inventories.
Finally, when the net realisable value of the inventories is lower than its acquisition price or production cost, the appropriate
corrections to the value are made and recognised as an expense in profit and loss.
15