Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
30. Commitments
Acquisition of Bertex Pharma GmbH
Future payment commitments derive from the agreement to purchase assets through the acquisition of the company
Bertex Pharma GmbH that took place in 2007. The purchase agreement fixes a variable component that will depend
upon the successful completion of clinical trials for the development of products and the subsequent marketing. The
commitments related to this transaction are:
a) If the development and marketing are performed internally:
• 350 thousand euros after finishing successfully the development of clinical trials of phase 1. Part of this amount, 100
thousand euros, was settled in 2011, while 250 thousand euros were settled in 2014;
• A payment of 200 thousand euros after finishing successfully the development of clinical trials of phase 2. This
payment was made in 2016;
• A payment of 300 thousand euros after successfully finishing the development of clinical trials of phase 3;
• A payment of 200 thousand euros at the beginning of the marketing of any pharmaceutical product;
• A payment of 200 thousand euros at the beginning of the marketing of any pharmaceutical product in any of the
main markets (USA, Japan, Germany, France, Italy or UK).
b) If the development and marketing are performed by third parties:
• 5% of the revenues obtained by ROVI from the development and marketing of the products by third parties (net of
direct or indirect production costs and administration expenses).
Payments for the internal development or marketing detailed in section a) exclude those performed under section b) and
vice versa, but if ROVI completes clinical development phases 1 and 2 and entrusts the subsequent phases to a third
party or performs them for a third party, this clause will apply, but the payments made for phases 1 and 2 under section
a) will be deducted.
The work and clinical trials for development of the products mentioned in point a) above are progressing as planned.
31. Related-party transactions
The Group is controlled by Norbel Inversiones, S.L., which held 63.11% of the shares of the parent company at 31
December, 2019 (62.10% at 31 December, 2018). Norbel Inversiones, S.L. belongs to Mr Juan López-Belmonte López
and Messrs Juan, Javier and Iván López-Belmonte Encina.
a) Sales of goods and services
2019 2018
Sales of goods and services:
– Joint ventures - 62
- 62
60