Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
2. Summary of key accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated annual accounts are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods presented in these consolidated annual
accounts.
2.1 Bases of presentation
These consolidated annual accounts for 2020 (and those for 2019 presented for comparative purposes) have been
prepared under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the
European Union pursuant to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 19 July, 2002, according to which all companies governed by the Law of a Member State of the European
Union whose shares are listed on a regulated market of any of the Member States must present their consolidated
annual accounts for the reporting periods starting on or after 1 January, 2005 in accordance with the IFRS endorsed by
the European Union.
The consolidated annual accounts have been prepared, in general, under the historical cost convention, except for equity
securities.
The preparation of consolidated annual accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are
significant to the consolidated annual accounts are disclosed in Note 4.
2.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations of existing ones
a) Standards, amendments and interpretations mandatory for all annual periods starting on or after 1 January,
2020
In 2020, the following standards and amendments to existing standards were endorsed by the European Union and
came into force on 1 January, 2020. They have either been applied by ROVI or may affect the Group in the future:
• IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates
and Errors” (Amendment) – Definition of material. The amendments to the definition of material are made so
that it is simpler to judge what is material. The definition of matterial helps companies to decide whether the
information should be disclosed in the consolidated annual accounts. These amendments clarify said definition
an include guidance on how it should be applied. Furthermore, the explanations accompanying the definition
have been improved and consistency within all standards has been ensured. These amendments must be
applied to the annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The entry
into force of these rules has not led to any significant changes in the content of ROVI’s consolidated annual
accounts.
• Amendments to the conceptual framework of IFRS. The revised version of the Conceptual Framework sets out
a series of basic concepts that guide the IASB in developing the standards and helps to ensure that the
standards are consistent and that similar transactions receive the same treatment. Furthermore, it also helps
entities to develop their accounting policies when there are no specific rules applicable to a transaction. The
revised Conceptual Framework includes a new chapter on measurement, improves definitions and guidance,
8