Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
During 2010, the Spanish government approved a reduction of the pharmaceutical expenditure of 2,800 million euros
through the introduction of two packages of pricing legislation. The first one was approved in March 2010 and was
focused on generic products. With regard to these products, which are those out of patent, the reduction was 25% on
average applied to the selling price to laboratories. The second package, which was approved in May 2010 and applied
as from June 2010, addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. A discount of 7.5% was applied to the selling price
to the public for these products. The Company has recognised the amounts relating to these measures as a decrease in
sales.
Additionally, in 2016, a co-operation agreement was signed between Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical
industry association, and the Spanish government. This agreement was renewed in December 2017. ROVI, as a
member of Farmaindustria, is subject to this agreement. According to the agreement, in the event that public spending
on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilars) exceeds the actual growth rate of the GDP of the Spanish economy,
the pharmaceutical industry must reimburse the government for said excess in cash. The Company recognises the
amounts related to this item as a decrease in sales.
4. Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s global risk management program focuses on the unpredictability
of the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the Company’s Treasury Department, which, following policies approved by the
Board of Directors, identifies, assesses and hedges financial risks. This Department identifies, assesses and hedges the
financial risks in close co-operation with the Company’s operating units. The Audit Committee analyses policies for global
risk management, as well as for specific areas, such as interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess
liquidity.
a) Market risk
(i) Exchange rate risk
Foreign exchange risk is low as (i) virtually all the Company’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) the majority of the
transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies other
than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of exchange-rate risk. At 31 December,
2019, the Company held instruments of this kind for a value of 26,500 thousand euros, the measurement of which at the
2019 reporting date did not lead to recognition of significant losses.
At 31 December, 2019, the Company held assets for an amount of 438 thousand zlotys (40 thousand zlotys at 31
December, 2018). If the interest rate at the reporting date had been 10% higher, these assets denominated in zlotys
would have decreased by 9 thousand euros (one thousand euros in 2018) and if the exchange rate had been 10% lower,
they would have increased by 11 thousand euros (one thousand euros in 2018).
20