Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
This agreement, which was approved at the meeting of the Council of Ministers held on 12 March 2024, falls within the
framework of the Vanguard Health Strategic Project for Economic Recovery and Transformation (PERTE), promoted by
the Spanish Government. This PERTE concerns the creation of a public-private investment vehicle to develop advanced,
innovative and/or emerging medicines, therapies and/or technologies. The goal is to favour the deployment of the
technical and industrial capacities necessary to generate a high performance healthcare system intended to protect
health by providing an immediate and flexible response to healthcare challenges and favouring sustainability.
The share capital of this new entity will be 49% held by the Ministry of Science, Innovation and Universities through the
company Innvierte, while Insud Pharma and ROVI will hold 25.5% each. The shareholders undertake to make an initial
combined contribution of 74,867,346.94 euros. Further investment will be made in accordance with the needs of the
projects defined in the future and will be subject to the shareholders’ approval of the relevant business plan. Such
investment could reach 220 million euros, which would be contributed by the public and private investors that are
participating.
It is planned that Innvierte’s contributions could be made with European “Next Generation EU” funds, which include the
EU Recovery and Resilience Facility established in Regulation (EU) 2921/241 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 12 February 2021.
Juan López-Belmonte, Chairman and CEO of ROVI, highlights the fact that this agreement “represents an opportunity to
help place Spain in a leading position in the clinical research of new therapies, with the capacity to translate this research
into manufacturing and thus improve the availability of new therapies to patients. At ROVI, we are delighted to place our
knowledge and experience at the service of this great public-private alliance that reinforces our commitment to
innovation”.
b) First six months of 2023
ROVI commences clinical development of a new three-monthly formulation of Letrozole (Letrozole LEBE)
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 1835 dated 25th of April 2023) that it has decided to
commence the clinical development of a new three-monthly formulation of Letrozole (hereinafter, Letrozole LEBE), rather
than the initially planned annual formulation of Letrozole ISM®. The objective of this new development is to reach
bioequivalence in the plasma levels of letrozole in comparison with the daily administration of oral doses of Femara® 2.5
mg.
With this new clinical programme for Letrozole LEBE, ROVI estimates it could reduce the research times in comparison
to those for an annual formulation of the product, thus making it likely that the three-monthly formulation could be
marketed several years earlier and, furthermore, the investment necessary to attain the objectives of this project could
also be reduced.
The positive results of the LISA-1 trial, of which ROVI has already informed the market, showed that the first
development of letrozole (annual Letrozole ISM®) allows an oestrogen suppression higher than that of Femara® to be
predicted (with an initial dose of 100 mg plus a further 100 mg after 8 weeks, and annual maintenance doses of 100 mg,
compared with daily oral doses of 2.5 mg), maintaining plasma levels of letrozole significantly lower than those reached
with daily oral doses of 2.5 mg of Femara®, taking account of the fact that the inhibition of the enzyme aromatase and,
therefore, a reduction in oestrogen synthesis is the only known pharmacological mechanism of letrozole.
ROVI sought the advice of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with a view to using the suppression of
the plasma oestrogen levels (oestradiol and estrone) as a surrogate efficacy endpoint in a clinical trial on the superiority
of Letrozole ISM® over Femara® in oestrogen inhibition in parallel groups of post-menopausal women with early
hormone-dependent breast cancer. The proposal is based on the fact that oestrogen inhibition is letrozole’s only
pharmacological mechanism. However, the FDA rejected the use of this variable as a surrogate efficacy endpoint.
ROVI contacted the FDA again on 26 October, 2022 to reach an agreement on the clinical development of the product.
As reported at the Capital Markets Day of November 2022, the FDA required ROVI to perform a clinical efficacy trial in
women with advanced breast cancer using Progression Free Survival (PFS) or the Objective Response Rate (ORR) as
the key variable. Likewise, the FDA suggested that further advice should be requested (“End of Phase 2 meeting”) after
completion of said clinical trial to evaluate a new study that supported registration of the product.
In the light of the advice received from the FDA, the clinical development that would foreseeably be required to obtain
marketing authorisation (at least in the United States) for the annual formulation of Letrozole ISM® would entail, first, a
34