LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
annexes of Delegated Regulation 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023. Eligibility is potential in nature, i.e. an eligible activity is
one that could be green in accordance with the EU taxonomy.
• Aligned activities: the alignment of an activity indicates its substantial contribution to one or more of the environmental
activities defined by the European Commission. This concept is the result of meeting, not only the requirements
contained in the definitions of the activities, but also the technical screening criteria of a substantial contribution, the
principle of doing no significant harm (DNSH) to any other objectives (depending on the objective of the activity being
screened) and some minimum social safeguards.
Likewise, Regulation 2021/2178 establishes the key economic indicators must that be disclosed: the percentages of the
company’s turnover, CapEx and OpEx represented by eligible or aligned activities.
For the 2022 reporting, non-financial companies (which include the ROVI Group) had to disclose their KPIs considering the
eligibility and alignment of their taxonomy activities pursuant to the Climate Change Mitigation Annex.
For the 2023 reporting, companies had to disclose the eligibility and alignment of all their economic activities related to
compliance with the Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation objectives. Notwithstanding, in relation to the rest of the
objectives, the ROVI Group only screened the eligibility of the new activities included in the annexes of Delegated Regulation
2023/2486.
For the 2024 reporting, companies subject to the disclosure of Taxonomy information have to disclose the eligibility and
alignment in relation to all the environmental objectives. In this respect, ROVI will continue to disclose the eligibility of its
economic activities in the Mitigation Annex and the Pollution Annex, as in previous years. Notwithstanding, in relation to the
alignment of activities, the Group will only disclose the alignment of the activities in the Mitigation Annex since, after an internal
assessment, it has been found impossible to report alignment of the revenue-generating activities (1.1 and 1.2 of the Pollution
Annex), since it does not have an analysis of the water footprint for the production processes in accordance with the standard
ISO 14046:201419. In this respect, it should be noted that the Group undertakes to carry out said analysis in 2025.
Information on Taxonomy
eligibility:
Environmental objectives
3-6 (water, circular
economy, pollution, Information on Taxonomy eligibility
biodiversity) and Taxonomy alignment
The six environmental
objectives
Information on eligibility: • Climate change mitigation.
• Climate change adaptation.
New activities on
• Sustainable use and
environmental objectives
• protection of water and
1+2 (climate change
• marine resources
mitigation and adaptation)
• Transition to a circular
• economy.
• Pollution prevention and
• control.
Information on Taxonomy
Information on Taxonomy • Protection and restoration
Information on Taxonomy eligibility
eligibility • of biodiversity and
eligibility: and Taxonomy alignment:
and Taxonomy alignment: • ecosystems.
Environmental objectives Existing activities on
Environmental objectives
1+2 (climate change environmental objectives 1 +
1+2 (climate change
mitigation and adaptation) 2 (climate change
mitigation and adaptation)
mitigation and adaptation)
Fiscal Year 2021 Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2023 Fiscal Year 2024
Reporting 2022 Reporting 2023 Reporting 2024 Reporting 2025
48