Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
2. Summary of significant accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these Consolidated Annual Accounts are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods presented in these Consolidated Annual
Accounts.
2.1. Bases of presentataion
These Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2017 (and those for 2016 presented for comparative purposes) have been
prepared under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRIC interpretations adopted by the
European Union pursuant to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 19 July, 2002, according to which all companies governed by the Law of a Member State of the European
Union whose shares are listed on a regulated market of any of the Member States must present their Consolidated
Annual Accounts for the reporting periods starting on or after 1 January, 2005 in accordance with the IFRS adopted by
the European Union.
The Consolidated Annual Accounts have been prepared, in general, under the historical cost convention, except for
available-for-sale financial assets.
The preparation of Consolidated Annual Accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are
significant to the Consolidated Annual Accounts are disclosed in Note 4.
2.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations of existing ones
a) Standards, amendments and interpretations mandatory for all annual periods beginning on or after 1 January, 2017
In 2017, the following standards and amendments to existing standards were endorsed by the European Union and
came into force on 1 January, 2017. They have either been applied by ROVI or may affect the Group in the future:
• IAS 7 (Amendment) “Disclosure Initiative”. An entity must disclose information that allows users to understand
the changes in the liabilities arising from financing activities. This includes changes arising from:
1. Cash flows, such as amounts drawn on loans and loan repayments; and
2. Non-cash changes, such as acquisitions, disposals and unrealised exchange differences.
These amendments have been applied by the Group in the breakdowns of financial information presented on or
after said date.
•
IAS 12 (Amendment) “Recognition of Deferred Tax assets for Unrealised Losses”. The amendments to IAS 12
clarify the requirements for recognizing deferred tax assets for unrealised losses. The amendments clarify,
among other items, the accounting treatment of deferred tax when an asset is measured at fair value and said
fair value is below the asset’s tax base. It also clarifies other aspects of accounting for deferred tax assets.
Application of this amendment has not had any impact of these Annual Accounts.
8