Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2024 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2024
Debt maturities at 30 June 2024, are shown in the following graph (millions of euros):
4.- Key operating and financial events
ROVI provides information and guidance on its strategic plan for expansion and growth
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 2290 dated 24th of June 2024) that the Company
expects that, given its differential characteristics, Risperidone ISM® will reach potential sales of between 200 and 300
million euros globally in upcoming years and will become a significant player worldwide in the field of long-acting
injectables to treat schizophrenia.
ROVI has likewise informed that in June 2024, the Group obtained the European authorities’ approval for the
commencement of commercial activity at its new sodium heparin plant in Escúzar (Granada). Thus, ROVI is positioned
as one of the largest pharmaceutical industrial groups in Spain, with eight fully-integrated plants and a ninth under
construction.
The Group has five plants to manufacture its own products and three for contract manufacturing. In Andalusia, it has
three plants for its own manufacturing: two engaged in producing the active substance of low-molecular-weight heparins,
in Granada and Escúzar, and the new plant that will be producing sodium heparin. ROVI is, therefore, prepared for
production of a medicine like sodium heparin, which is classified as essential by the World Health Organisation and is,
moreover, among the medicines included in the European Union’s Critical Medicine Alliance, in which ROVI participates.
Additionally, ROVI has two plants in Madrid engaged in the production of medicines based on its ISM® technology, in
which 35.6 million euros has been invested in the last five years: at the first plant, the Company produces Risperidone
ISM®, while the second is used to manufacture products under development that use highly potent active ingredients.
Furthermore, ROVI has three plants engaged in contract manufacturing: in particular, two injectables manufacturing
plants, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and Madrid, and a third in Alcalá de Henares, which is engaged in
producing solid oral forms and is a packaging centre of excellence.
Likewise, ROVI remains committed to the vertical integration of its value chain in order to achieve strategic autonomy in
its medicine manufacturing process. In this respect, ROVI is making significant investments in the construction of a new
plant in Huesca, which will transform pig mucosa into crude heparin and is considered likely to come into operation in
2026.
4