Free translation of the 2018 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2018 Consolidated Management Report
ROVI’s financial information contains figures and measures prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting
legislation, as well as another series of measures prepared in accordance with established reporting standards, which
are known as Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
These APMs are considered adjusted figures in comparison with those that are reported under International Financial
Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU), which is the reporting framework applicable to the
consolidated financial statements of the ROVI Group and, therefore, the reader should consider them to supplement the
latter, but not replace them.
The APMs are important for the users of the financial information because they are the measures used by ROVI
Management to evaluate the financial performance, the cash flows or the financial situation for making the Group’s
operating or strategic decisions. These APMs are consistent with the principal indicators used by the investor and analyst
communities in the financial markets. In this respect, in accordance with the Guide issued by the European Securities
and Markets Authority (ESMA), which has been in force since 3 July, 2016 and concerns the transparency of Alternative
Performance Measures, ROVI sets out below information on the APMs included in the consolidated management
information for the year ended 31 December 2018 that it considers significant:
EBITDA
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) is an indicator that measures the group’s
operating profit before interest, taxes, impairment, depreciation and amortization have been deducted. Management
uses it to assess the results over time, allowing a comparison with other companies in the sector.
We calculate EBITDA as profit before taxes, interest, depreciation and amortization.
EBITDA “Pre-R&D”
This APM is used by ROVI to show EBITDA from the on-going business.
We calculate EBITDA “Pre-R&D” as EBITDA excluding:
- Research and Development expenses (“R&D”) (see Note 7 to the consolidated annual accounts at 31 December
2018); and
- Non-recurring expenses/income (see Note 24 to the consolidated annual accounts at 31 December 2018).
EBIT
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) is an indictor that measures the group’s operating profit before interest and
tax are deducted. Like the preceding indicator, Management uses it to assess the results over time, allowing a
comparison with other companies in the sector.
We calculate EBIT as profit before taxes and interest.
16