Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
2. Summary of key accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these Consolidated Annual Accounts are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods presented in these Consolidated Annual
Accounts.
2.1. Bases of presentataion
These Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2018 (and those for 2017 presented for comparative purposes) have been
prepared under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the
European Union pursuant to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 19 July, 2002, according to which all companies governed by the Law of a Member State of the European
Union whose shares are listed on a regulated market of any of the Member States must present their Consolidated
Annual Accounts for the reporting periods starting on or after 1 January, 2005 in accordance with the IFRS endorsed by
the European Union.
The Consolidated Annual Accounts have been prepared, in general, under the historical cost convention, except for
available-for-sale financial assets.
The preparation of Consolidated Annual Accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are
significant to the Consolidated Annual Accounts are disclosed in Note 4.
2.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations of existing ones
a) Standards, amendments and interpretations mandatory for all annual periods beginning on or after 1 January, 2018
In 2018, the following standards and amendments to existing standards were endorsed by the European Union and
came into force on 1 January, 2018. They have either been applied by ROVI or may affect the Group in the future:
• IFRIC 22 “Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration”. This Interpretation addresses how to
determine the date of a transaction to determine the exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related
asset, expense or income (or part of it) on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability
arising from the payment or receipt of an advance consideration in foreign currency. The entry into force of this
Interpretation has not had a material effect for ROVI.
• Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2014–2016 Cycle. The amendments affect IFRS 1, IFRS 12 and IAS 28. The
main amendments that may apply to the Group refer to:
o IFRS 12 "Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities". Clarification of the scope of the standard.
o IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”. Measurement of an investment in an associate
or joint venture at fair value.
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. It addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets
and liabilities. IFRS 9 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January, 2018. This standard
replaces IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”.
8