Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
• All payments are processed in SAP (our ERP). No payments are made outside SAP and the customer / supplier
is only registered in SAP if the aforementioned documentation has been provided.
• There is a supplier selection policy that includes a list of the criteria used to select each type of supplier. It
provides for an initial evaluation and another periodic evaluation. It is used to draw up a list of approved
suppliers kept by the Quality Department.
• Supplier engagement and payment policy: (i) suppliers with an annual volume of over 100,000 euros, always
have a duly signed contract, (ii) it regulates how invoices should be sent and recorded, and (iii) the means of
payment accepted.
• Policy for reimbursement of expenses and payment of per diem allowances: (i) ROVI only reimburses the
following expenses: Transport, Accommodation, Food (per diem) and others: Photocopies / Paper / Envelopes /
Couriers / Toner / Ink; Books / Publications; Projector Hire; Professional Association Fees; Courses / Training;
Exchange Rate Adjustments. The reimbursement of expenses in preceded by the pertinent expense note, which
must be accompanied by the documentary support of the expenses (invoices, etc.). Employees must settle the
expenses incurred in providing their services preferably with the corporate credit card and must minimise cash
payments.
• The ROVI Group accepts the following means of payment for collections:
o Transfers - 61%
o Direct debits - 38%
o Cheque, promissory notes - 1%
o Cash and point-of-sale terminals (only in the business of Panquímica – it represents roughly 5% of the
total collections of Panquímica and 0.5% of the group total).
• The ROVI Group accepts the following means of payment for payments:
o “Confirming”
o Bank transfers
o Direct debits
o Nominative cheques: only for payments of conferences to health professionals. The average invoice for
speakers is €500.
- Donations to foundations and non-profit organisations
The ROVI Group has a Donation Management Procedure that describes the process to be followed to approve a
donation. As part of this procedure, the Group has appointed a Donations Committee, which evaluates and, if
appropriate, approves or rejects the Group’s donation requests. This procedure came into force in July 2018 and was
amended on 6 November, 2019.
31