Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
This application, for internal use by ROVI employees, allows them to keep updated on new developments in the
Company, in addition to including some very useful information, such as an employee directory with their contact phone
numbers, the confidential consultation channel Canal Ético, or the section Ideas ROVI, through which employees may
submit improvement proposals for the Company.
Additionally, the application allows the employee to enter an area of discounts and groups that are exclusive to ROVI
employees and also includes a virtual library section (called Roviteca), where they can access a catalogue of more than
2,000 titles of all kinds: novels, educational, magazines, children’s books, classics, etc.
We should highlight the fact that all ROVI’s employees in Spain work under the employment conditions regulated in the
Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry, signed in 2018. The employees of the subsidiaries in the rest of Europe
also work under the relevant collective agreements, except in those cases where local legislation states that general
labour law is applicable because the subsidiary has very few employees.
An important aspect of the Group’s works councils is that they are highly representative and participate in the Safety and
Occupational Health Committees. On these committees, on a regular basis, the Group’s actions in these areas are
consulted, debated and proposed, as well as any incidents that have arisen and proposals for corrective measures.
The main matters discussed on these committees where the company and the workers have equal representation are:
the assessment and valuation of occupational hazards, the provision of individual protection equipment, the protection
facilities, information and training on occupational hazards, among other issues. Through these joint bodies, ROVI’s
employees are represented in these matters at the highest level.
4.5.- Training
The ROVI Group knows that making training a priority is a long-term investment so that the Company’s talent is well
prepared and develops its highest potential.
For this reason, we strive for the employees to have the necessary training to cover, not only the requirements of their
present job, but also to tackle future needs derived from the use of new technologies, equipment, instruments, etc. or the
need to take on greater responsibilities or more important projects.
To draw up the annual training plans, the training needs in each area are identified, a process in which the Human
Resources Department, Group Management and Middle Management are involved.
ROVI’s annual plan is aligned with the strategic and business objectives. Through training, it is sought to efficiently help
people to contribute and add value to the attainment and achievement of ROVI’s strategic objectives. Likewise, ROVI
has Individual Development Plans. Depending on the specific needs identified, different alternatives and training plans
are put into place in order to promote the career plans of specific employees.
23