Free translation of the 2020 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2020 Management Report
The Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (ROVI or “the Company”) issues the following
management report in accordance with Article 262, 148 d) and 526 of the Spanish Capital Company Act (“Ley de
Sociedades de Capital”), 61 bis of the Securities Market Law.
1. Corporate profile
ROVI is a fully integrated Spanish specialty pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, development, in-
licensing, manufacturing and marketing of small molecule and specialty biologic drugs.
The Company is the parent company of a fully-integrated specialized Spanish pharmaceutical group (“the Group”)
engaged in the research and development, contract manufacturing and the marketing of small molecules and biological
specialties. The Group has three principal growth pillars:
- Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) division. ROVI has two proprietary research products: bemiparin
Hibor® and an enoxaparin biosimilar.
- Other pharmaceutical products division, with a diversified portfolio of both its own and licensed innovative
products, protected by patents.
- Global-scale high-value-added contract manufacturing of injectables (prefilled syringes and vials) and oral
forms for third parties with differentiated capabilities.
In addition, ROVI has a sound, low-risk R&D policy, where the patented ISM® platform (internally-developed and
patented innovative drug-release technology which allows the prolonged release of the compounds administered by
injection) opens up new channels of growth. The Company allocates a large part of its resources to research, in order to
remain in the vanguard in both the product area and the manufacturing and development systems area.
Additional information about ROVI is available on the company’s website: www.rovi.es
2. Business performance
Operating revenue increased by 21% to 459.4 million euros in 2020, driven by the strength of the specialty
pharmaceutical business, where sales rose 18%, strongly outperforming the market.
Sales of LMWH increased by 21% to 199.7 million euros in 2020. LMWH (enoxaparin biosimilar and bemiparin) sales
represented 43% of operating revenue in 2020 compared to 44% in 2019.
ROVI’s low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), Bemiparin, showed a positive performance in 2020, with sales up 5% to
101.4 million euros. Sales of Bemiparin in Spain (Hibor®) decreased 2% to 68.5 million euros in 2020 due to the
significant reduction in the number of surgical operations performed during the period of lockdown.
Sales of Neparvis®, a specialty product from Novartis, launched in December 2016, indicated for the treatment of adult
patients with symptomatic chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction, increased 34% to 29.6 million euros in
2020, compared to 22.0 million euros in 2019.
1