ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
F.2. Assessment of financial information risks.
Report on at least the following:
F.2.1 The main characteristics of the risk identification process, including error and fraud risk, as regards:
· Whether the process exists and is documented:
The Company has a risk identification system, which includes risks of error or fraud in the financial information. Details are given in a “Risk
Control and Management Policy”, the latest version of which was approved by the Board of Directors in December 2020.
For each of the areas with a material financial impact, depending on its quantitative or qualitative importance, the relevant processes
and sub-processes have been identified and the risks that could give rise to errors in the financial information or fraud in the
transactions have likewise been identified, as have the control activities that mitigate these risks.
· If the process covers all of the objectives of financial information, (existence and occurrence;
completeness; valuation; delivery; breakdown and comparability; and rights and obligations), whether it is
updated and with what frequency:
For each one of the material processes identified, the risks that could generate errors in the financial information have been identified, covering
the objectives of existence and occurrence, integrity, valuation, delivery, breakdown and comparability, and rights and obligations. The processes
identified and documented are reviewed and updated annually in the event that there have been changes in the management of said processes or
in the applicable legislation that thus requires.
· The existence of a process for identifying the scope of consolidation, taking into account, among other
factors, the possible existence of complex company structures, shell companies, or special purpose
entities:
The Company’s perimeter of consolidation is reviewed and updated on a monthly basis by the area responsible for consolidation, with the
pertinent quarterly supervision by the Audit Committee, which is the body responsible for reviewing the accurate demarcation of the
perimeter of consolidation and the proper application of accounting principles.
There are no complex structures and, since there are few changes in the perimeter, any change is mentioned in the annual and half-yearly
financial information issued by the Company.
· If the process takes into account the effects of other types of risk (operational, technological, financial,
legal, tax, reputational, environmental, etc.) to the extent that they affect the financial statements:
The process takes into account the effect of other types of risk, such as operational, technological, legal, reputational, environmental risks,
etc., that may have a material effect on the financial information. In the event that any of these risks could affect the financial information,
the Company identifies how it should proceed to mitigate said effect.
These risks are managed and assessed as set out in the Risk Management and Control Policy. This Policy identifies four types of risk:
- Strategic: those that affect high-level objectives, directly related to ROVI’s strategic plan.
- Operational: those that affect objectives related to the efficiency and efficacy of the operations, including performance- and
profitability-related targets.
- Reporting: those that affect the reliability of the information provided (including the financial information) both internally and externally.
- Compliance: those that affect objectives relating to compliance with the applicable laws and rules (including those concerning
accounting, auditing, internal control and risk management).
· The governing body within the company that supervises the process:
42 / 65