Free translation of the Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2024 Management report
11. Risk management
11.1 Operating risk
11.1 Operating risk
The main risk factors to which the Group considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business goals are the
following:
– Concentration of operations in specific customers.
– Risk of cyberattacks.
– Incidents related to the quality of the products sold by ROVI and incidents in the clinical trials of medicines, side
effects of the products sold by ROVI or incorrect management of the notifications in this respect.
– Failure to conclude successfully – or as expected – the Research & Development projects that ROVI is
conducting.
– Impact of the current geopolitical, socio-political and macroeconomic threats.
– Changes in the prescription criteria or market regulations intended to contain pharmaceutical spending.
– Difficulty in attracting, motivating or retaining personnel.
– Changes in the supply conditions of the necessary manufacturing materials or the products that ROVI markets.
– Failure to comply with the regulations applicable to the industry and/or ROVI’s activities.
– Risk derived from adapting to climate change requirements and regulations.
– Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the Group’s size and complexity.
ROVI monitors and remains permanently alert to any risks that may adversely affect its business activities, applying the
appropriate policies and measures to manage them and constantly developing contingency plans that can reduce or
offset their impact. Among these, special attention should be drawn to the fact that the Group (i) continues to improve its
processes and controls, including those related to the manufacturing processes and those arising from
internationalisation; (ii) is working intensively to maintain broad and diversified portfolios of both products and customers;
(iii) continues to pursue its goal of constantly opening up new markets as a result of its international expansion project;
(iv) is intensifying its efforts to mitigate the risk of cyberattack by raising awareness among its employees and conducting
cybersecurity reviews; (v) is continuing with the diversification of its suppliers of raw materials and other packaging
materials necessary to manufacture its products; (vi) continues striving to improve its personnel policies; (vii) has started
to quantify the risk derived from climate change; and (viii) continues to monitor regulatory compliance, including
compliance with the regulations applicable in the different geographical areas where it operates.
11.2 Finance risk
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of the Group are
detailed below:
– Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a. Foreign exchange risk: this risk is low because (i) virtually all the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a
majority of the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant
amount in currencies other than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of
exchange-rate risk.
b. Price risk: the Group is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and
classified as equity securities on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk arising
from investments in equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in accordance
10