Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
1. General information
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (the “parent company" or "the Company") was incorporated as a public limited
company (“sociedad anónima”) in Madrid on 21 December 1946. It is entered in the Companies Register of Madrid,
sheet 1,179, folio 197 of volume 713 of Companies Book 283. Its registered and tax address is Calle Julián Camarillo,
35, Madrid (Spain).
The Company’s activity focuses the sale of its own pharmaceutical products and the distribution of other products for
which it holds licences granted by other laboratories for specific periods, in accordance with the terms and conditions
contained in the agreements entered into with said laboratories, and the provision of contract manufacturing services to
third parties.
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. is the parent of a pharmaceutical business group (hereinafter, “ROVI” or “Rovi
Group” or “Group”) engaged in the production and sale of pharmaceutical products, some of which have been developed
in-house. Low-molecular-weight heparins, which are marketed in different countries, are the Group’s main products.
The Company’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges and included in the
Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (IBEX35).
At both 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 55.19% of the shares of
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (Note 15). Norbel Inversiones, S.L., whose registered office is at Calle Julián
Camarillo, 35, Madrid, files consolidated annual accounts with the Madrid Companies Register.
Changes in the consolidated group
On 13 March 2024, the company Terafront Farmatech, S.L., with registered address at Calle Julián Camarillo, 35, Madrid
(Spain) joined the consolidated group. This company is held 25.5% by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and is
consolidated using the equity method.
There were no changes to the consolidated group in the first six months of 2023.
2. Bases of presentation
These condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 (hereinafter,
the “interim financial statements” have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard No.
34 “Interim Financial Reporting” and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated annual accounts of Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and subsidiaries for the 2023 reporting period, prepared in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU). These interim financial statements do not
include all the information required for full financial statements in accordance with IFRS-EU. However, they include a
series of explanatory notes that provide details of the events and transactions considered significant in order to
understand the changes in the financial position and the Group’s performance since the last annual financial statements.
Significant changes in accounting policies are described in Note 3.
These interim financial statements were issued by the Company’s Board of Directors on 30 July 2024.
Bases of preparation of the consolidated interim financial statements
The consolidation procedures applied are described in the consolidated annual accounts of Rovi for the 2023 reporting
period.
8