Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
The work-related accident indicators for 2019 are shown below:
FREQUENCY RATE FOR WORK-RELATED ACCIDENTS (*)
2019
BY GENDER
Men 7.678
Women 11.540
TOTAL 9.652
* Rate calculated as No. of accidents / No. of hours worked * 1000000
WORK-RELATED ACCIDENT SEVERITY RATE (*) BY
2019
GENDER
Men 0.604
Women 0.405
TOTAL 0.503
* Rate calculated as No. of working days lost / No. of hours worked * 1000
WORK-RELATED ACCIDENT FREQUENCY RATE (*) BY
2019
GENDER
Men 2.280
Women 3.161
TOTAL 2.778
* Rate calculated as No. of accidents / No. of workers * 100
Note: accidents on the way to work and data of ROVI Group employees are included. Information on personnel hired through temporary
employment companies are excluded. Additionally, when calculating the working days lost, it was assumed that each working day has a
length of 8 hours.
4.4.- Labour relations
ROVI is convinced that labour relations with the workers’ representatives must be based on an environment that allows
for a constructive and trusting relationship. To do this, it bases its labour relations on transparency, strict compliance with
the law and permanent respect and dialogue with its social partners, the workers’ representatives.
Dialogue with the workers takes place with smooth communication using all the resources available, especially meetings,
both regular, in accordance with a scheduled calendar, and specific, at the request of either the company or the workers’
representatives. This allows the status of agreements to be monitored and any incidents arising from the company’s day-
to-day activity to be solved swiftly.
In 2019, labour relations ran as normal without any conflictive incidents. During the year, two significant negotiations
were commenced and concluded in relation to items of remuneration and the process of moving part of the activity from
one work centre to another. Both concluded satisfactorily for both workers and company.
It is very important to the organisation that its employees are kept informed of all aspects that are important to the
Company. Therefore, ROVI informs its employees of matters of general interest, company milestones, agreements or
organisational changes through the channels available. The resources used try to make the best use of the latest
technological advances available to reach the entire workforce, both the people who have access to office IT in the
course of their work and those who do not. Thus, communication takes place through the internal television channel,
notice boards, e-mail or the mobile phone application (Rovi Rocks) that was implemented during 2019.
22