LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
1. Pollution and waste management
Waste generation is inherent to ROVI’s activity. Precisely for this reason, the treatment and reduction of waste form an
essential part of the Company’s commitment to prevent pollution. The processes related to waste treatment are intended
mainly to minimise it in the production processes and, once it has been produced, to manage it correctly to foment using
and valuing it whenever possible.
2. Sustainable use of resources
Regarding energy, at all ROVI’s product plants, water, electricity and gas indicators are verified and reported on a
monthly basis, analysing any possible deviations. Likewise, in the Distribution business, the energy has been contracted
with a provider of 100% renewable energy.
3. Climate change
At ROVI, as a contribution to the fight against climate change, not only is electricity taken into account, but the CO2
emissions caused by the consumption of natural gas and diesel fuel, derived from electricity and automobiles, are
measured, as are other substances that act to destroy the ozone layer. ROVI’s greenhouse gas emissions have always
been insignificant and very much below the legally-established levels.
Likewise, in the Distribution business in Spain, a Mobility Plan that is intended to decrease fuel and electricity
consumption, which are ROVI’s only sources of emissions, has been approved.
3.5.- Indicators
The following are the main environmental indicators. The data have been divided between different companies or
businesses to enable comparisons between them, since the units produced are measured in different units for each
company / business. Specifically
- Own products manufacturing plant of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. located in Granada: this
is the plant in which Bemiparin and Enoxaparin are produced, the active substances of ROVI's main
research products. In this case, the units produced are measured in MUI, that is, the activity of the
active substance produced.
- Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. distribution business: in this case, unit used is reflected as
distributed items.
- Injectables plant of Rovi Contract Manufacturing, S.L. (Plants located in San Sebastián de los Reyes
and Madrid): in this case, the units produced are expressed in individual packaged units.
- Oral solid forms plant of Frosst Ibérica, S.A. located in Alcalá de Henares: for this case, pack of oral
solid forms conditioned as unit produced (tablets, coated tablets, hard capsules and envelopes) is
used.
9