Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
Returns
The Company estimates a provision for product returns considering the average return rate of recent years (Note 2.b.1).
Contribution to public health system
As stated in Note 3.18, in Spain, in accordance with Law 29/2006, all companies that sell prescription pharmaceuticals or
other health products paid with public funds must make payments of between 1.5% and 2.0% of their sales (depending
on the volume) into the national health system every four months. This is a levy aimed to adjust the margin on a
regulated activity through the price intervention established by the Law. The Company recognises the contribution to the
public health system as a reduction in revenue when the sale is made. The sums accrued but not yet paid are
recognised under the “Other provisions” caption.
Additionally, within the contribution to the public health system, 5,641 thousand euros were related to the co-operation
agreement signed between Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry association, and the Spanish
government in 2016 and renewed in December 2017. ROVI, as a member of Farmaindustria, is subject to this
agreement. According to the agreement, in the event that public spending on medicines (excluding generics and
biosimilars) exceeds the actual growth rate of the GDP of the Spanish economy, the pharmaceutical industry wil
reimburse the government in cash for said excess.
In 2018, the public spending growth rate exceeded the growth rate of the GDP, meaning that the companies subject to
the agreement must make the applicable reimbursement. ROVI will pay 2,567 thousand euros for this item.
The amounts of the provisions recongised in the statement of financial position are the reporting-date best estimate of
the payments necessary to meet this obligation, after consideration of the risks and uncertainties related ot the provision
and, when significant, the financial effect produced by the rebate, provided that the payments that will be made in each
period can be reliably determined. The rebate rate is determined before tax, considering the time value of money and the
specific risks that were not taken into account in the future flows related to the provision at each reporting date.
One-off obligations are measured in accordance with the most likely individual outcome. If the obligation involves a
significant group of similar items, it will be measured by weighting the possible outcomes by the likelihood that they will
occur. If there is a continuous range of possible outcomes and each point of the range has the same likelihood as the
rest of the points, the obligation is measured at the average amount.
46