Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
obligations. The contributions are recognised as employee benefits when accrued. Benefits paid in advance are recognised
as an asset to the extent that cash is refunded or future payments are reduced.
b) Termination payments
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date, or
whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises these benefits
on the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of said benefits; or (b) when the
entity recognises restructuring costs within the scope of IAS 37 and this means termination benefits must be paid. When
an offer is made in order to encourage voluntary redundancies on the part of the employees, the termination benefits are
measured in accordance with the number of employees who are expected to accept the offer. The benefits that will not be
paid within the twelve months following the end of the reporting period are discounted back to their present value.
c) Bonus plans
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on the estimates of fulfilment of certain corporate
targets established for employees.
d) Share-based payments
The Group recognises the goods or services received or acquired in a transaction with share-based payments at the time
the goods are obtained or the services received. If the goods or services are received in a transaction with share-based
payments settled with equity instruments, an increase in equity is recognised, while if they are settled in cash, a liability is
recognised, with its balancing item in profit or loss or in the assets of the consolidated statement of financial position.
The Group recognises transactions in share-based payments settled through Group equity instruments, including capital
increases with non-monetary payments, as well as the increase in equity related thereto, at the fair value of the goods or
services received, unless said fair value cannot be reliably estimated, in which case the value will be measured in
accordance with the fair value of the equity instruments handed over.
Equity instruments handed over in consideration for services provided by Group employees or third parties who provide
similar services will be measured in accordance with the fair value of the equity instruments handed over.
Share-based payments to employees settled by issuing equity instruments
Payments to employees settled by issuing equity instruments are recognized by applying the following criteria:
• If the equity instruments awarded vest immediately at the time they are awarded, the services received are
charged to profit and loss with the resulting increase in equity;
• If the equity instruments awarded vest when the employees complete a certain period of service, the services
received are recognized over the vesting period and credited to equity accounts.
The Group determines the fair value of the instruments awarded to employees at the date they are awarded.
Market and other conditions that do not determine vesting are considered when measuring the fair value of the instrument.
The rest of the vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of equity instruments included when
determining the amount of the transaction, in such a way that, finally, the amount recognised for the services received is
based on the number of equity instruments that are likely to vest. Consequently, the Group recognizes the amount for the
services received over the vesting period, based on the best estimate of the number of instruments that will vest. This
estimate is revised in accordance with the rights that are expected to vest.
Once the services received and the related increase in equity are recognised, no additional adjustments will be made to
the equity after the vesting date, although the relevant reclassifications in equity will be made.
19