Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
In order to assess the compliance of these procedures, internal audits are performed periodically at all the Group’s
facilities. Furthermore, there are annual management reviews, which analyse the main points where our organisations
have room for improvement.
In addition, the quality audits by external entities show the commitment to continuing improvement and maintaining high
quality standards.
Moreover, in accordance with the frequency stipulated in the legislation applicable to the products, all Group companies,
both in Spain and in the countries to which our products are exported, are inspected by the health authorities.
ROVI likewise has a Pharmacovigilance System in place, which allows any possible adverse reactions (any harmful and
unintended response to a medicine) that arise to ROVI’s medicines and healthcare products to be detected. This system
means that, if an adverse reaction is notified, the Pharmacovigilance Department analyses whether it could be due to a
quality and/or safety problem, thus initiating the process of sign detection that ROVI has implemented, which allows any
change in the benefit/risk balance of ROVI’s medicines to be detected.
The Pharmacovigilance System allows constant monitoring of the safety of the medicines, evaluating the safety
information received through different channels, such as, for example, spontaneous notifications from patients and health
professionals, health authorities, or scientific studies or publications.
ROVI’s Pharmacovigilance Department has a communication channel in place by e-mail (farmacovigilancia@rovi.es) or
telephone [(+34) 91 021 30 00], both of which may be accessed through the Company’s website (www.rovi.es).
Complaints system: complaints received and solution thereto
When any customer or health professional contacts ROVI to notify a claim or complaint, the Company immediately opens
an enquiry in order to identify the cause and prevent any repetition. These enquiries may involve several departments
and may also include suppliers and/or subcontractors. The efficacy of these actions is analysed annually in the review
that ROVI management conducts of the system.
Any request for information made by a customer/health professional and/or customer is considered a query. Depending
on its content, it is handled by one department or another (Quality, Pharmacovigilance or Medical Science Liaison), both
in Spain and in the subsidiaries.
In the event that, while a complaint is being studied, a possible risk for the patient and/or health professional is observed,
the Quality Department informs Pharmacovigilance, so that the case can be handled correctly (see previous section).
38