LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
materiality process, ROVI did not identify any material negative impact the mitigation or reduction of which it was necessary to
address.
Notwithstanding, in relation to health and safety, the Group has set the following objectives:
Alcalá de Henares Complex:
• Reduction in the risk of asphyxia in Laboratories positions from moderate to tolerable in accordance with risk
assessments QO-001 and QO-002 revision 03.
• Ergonomic improvements in two Manufacturing tasks to reduce the risk from moderate to tolerable in accordance with
the ergonomic assessment ref. 13178399 of Quironprevención.
• Reduction in risk of exposure to chemical agents in Automatic Zone 2 and Plenum from moderate to tolerable in
accordance with risk assessments FAB-001 and FB-002 revision 12.
San Sebastián de los Reyes Complex:
• 30% reduction in the risks, from “moderate” to “tolerable”, of the Risk Assessment of Logistics Personnel positions.
Escúzar Complex:
• Increase of at least 10% in the first-intervention training of maintenance technicians with permanent contracts compared
to 2024.
• Increase, compared to 2024, of 10% (of the total) of the workers at the complex with more extensive prevention training.
• Increase, compared to 2024, of at least 10% (of the total) of the workers with first-aid training.
Granada Complex:
• Reduction of 1 dB in the noise level in the Moderna production rooms (with the process equipment at a standstill) caused
by the air-conditioning equipment.
• Increase, compared to 2024, of 5% (of the total) of the production/control area workers with more extensive prevention
training.
• 5% increase (compared to 2024) in the first-intervention training of the logistics maintenance technicians and workers.
At Group level, the following targets have been set for 2025:
• Attaining the accident incidence rates of 1% with days lost and 2% without days lost.
• Attaining an accident rate of 3% for temporary employment company and external employees.
Additionally, ROVI monitors the efficacy of the measures related to the IROs identified by establishing future actions. For 2025
and 2026, the Group has the objective of optimising human capital management and fostering the development of internal
talent. To this end, the career plans and performance evaluation systems will be extended to the whole organisation, which will
allow potential talent to be identified and provide guidance for development and succession plans based on objective results.
Furthermore, an integrated training plan will be launched through Workday and will provide access to freely-available courses,
placing special focus on improving the skills of production line workers. This will ensure that all levels of the organisation benefit
from these initiatives in the short term.
Likewise, in relation to the material risks identified, the risk map will be updated in 2025 in order to monitor the material risks
derived from the double materiality assessment. Furthermore, the Group will include targets related to management of these
risks in the ESG Master Plan when it is updated after it expires in 2025.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-6: Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to describe key characteristics of employees in ROVI’s own workforce.
Information on the employee head count in the Company, with the relevant breakdowns, is set out below:
108