Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
3.16 Foreign currency transactions
a) Functional and presentation currency
The Company’s Annual Accounts are presented in thousands of euros. The euro is the Company’s functional and
presentation currency.
b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
of transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at reporting-date exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
recognised in profit and loss, except when deferred in equity as eligible cash flow hedges and eligible net investment
hedges.
Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency and classified as available for sale are
analysed considering the translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
changes in its carrying amount. Translation differences relating to variations in the amortised cost are recognised in profit
and loss and other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in equity.
Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equity instruments held at fair value through profit and loss, are
presented as part of the gain or loss in the fair value. Translation differences on non-monetary items such as equity
instruments classified as available-for-sale financial assets are included in the equity.
3.17 Related-party transactions
In general, transactions between group companies are initially recognised at fair value. When applicable, if the agreed
price differs from the fair value, the difference is recorded in accordance with the actual economic value of the
transaction. Subsequent recognition is in accordance with the provisions set forth in the applicable rules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in transactions of merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution of a business, the
elements that form the business acquired are measured at the amount that corresponds to them, once the transaction
has been performed, in the consolidated annual accounts of the group or subgroup.
When the parent company of the group or subgroup and its subsidiary is not involved, the consolidated annual accounts
to be considered in this respect will be those of the largest group or subgroup of which the assets and liabiltiies form part
the parent company of which is Spanish.
In these cases, any difference that may arise between the net value of the assets and liabilities of the company acquired,
adjusted by the balance of the groups of grants, donations and legacies received and adjustments for changes in value,
and any amount of capital and/or share premium, if applicable, are recorded in reserves by the absorbing company.
19