Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
In November 2019, the following three Group companies, all of which were 100% held by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos,
Rovi, S.A., were merged by absorption: Frosst Ibérica, S.A.U. (absorbing company), Rovit Contract Manufacturing, S.L.
and Bemipharma Manufacturing, S.L. (absorbed companies). After this merger, but likewise in 2019, Frosst Ibérica, S.A.
changed its corporate name to Rovi Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U.
On 4 December, 2019, the company Rovi Escúzar, S.L. was incorporated as a 100%-held subsidiary of Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. As of 31 December, 2019, the assets of this company were 1,263 thousand euros and it
showed a loss of 19 thousand euros.
2. Summary of key accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these Consolidated Annual Accounts are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods presented in these Consolidated Annual
Accounts.
2.1. Bases of presentataion
These Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2019 (and those for 2018 presented for comparative purposes) have been
prepared under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the
European Union pursuant to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 19 July, 2002, according to which all companies governed by the Law of a Member State of the European
Union whose shares are listed on a regulated market of any of the Member States must present their Consolidated
Annual Accounts for the reporting periods starting on or after 1 January, 2005 in accordance with the IFRS endorsed by
the European Union.
In relation to the comparison of the Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2019 with those for 2018, the effects of application
of IFRS 16 described in Note 2.2.a) must be tanken into account. ROVI has chosen to apply the modified restrospective
approach, on the basis of which it has not restated any of the comparative figures for previous reporting periods and has
recognised the impacts as of 1 January, 2019.
The Consolidated Annual Accounts have been prepared, in general, under the historical cost convention, except for
available-for-sale financial assets.
The preparation of Consolidated Annual Accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are
significant to the Consolidated Annual Accounts are disclosed in Note 4.
8