Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
other than goodwill that have suffered impairment are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to see whether the
impairment has been reversed.
3.4 Financial assets
a) Classification of financial assets
The Company classifies its financial assets into the following categories:
a) Loans and receivables: loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable
payments that are not listed on an active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities at
more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and other
receivables are included in “Credits to companies” and “Trade and other receivables” in the statement of financial
position.
Bank deposits maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category.
These financial assets are recognised initially at fair value, including transaction costs directly attributable to them,
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, recognising the interest accrued in accordance with the effective
interest rate, defined as the discount rate that equals the carrying amount of the instrument to the totality of its
estimated cash flows until maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, credits for trading operations maturing at more
than one year are measured, both upon initial recognition and subsequently, at their face value, provided that the
effect of not discounting the flows is not significant.
At least at the end of the reporting period, the measurement adjustments required due to impairment will be made
if there is objective evidence that not all the amounts outstanding will be received.
The amount of the impairment loss is the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate upon initial recognition.
Impairment losses and, if applicable, the reversal thereof are recognised in profit and loss.
b) Held-to-maturity investments: Held-to-maturity financial assets are securities representing debt with fixed or
determinable payments and fixed maturities that are traded on an active market and that company Management
has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. If the Company were to sell other than an insignificant
amount of held-to-maturity financial assets, the whole category would be reclassified as available for sale. Held-
to-maturity financial assets are included in non-current assets, except for those with maturities at less than 12
months after the reporting date, which are classified as current assets.
The measurement criteria for these investments are the same as for loans and receivables.
c) Investments in the equity of group, multi-group and associated companies: These are measured at cost less, if
applicable, the accumulated amount of the impairment losses. Notwithstanding, when there is an investment prior
to the classification as a group, multi-group or associated company, the carrying amount before being thus
classified is deemed to be an investment cost. Previous value adjustments recorded directly in the equity remain
there until they are derecognised.
11