Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
Additionally, on-site audits are conducted to check that suppliers operate in accordance with national and local
regulations, there are no important breaches in respect of workplace safety and there are no practices that violate the
workers’ rights. Among other aspects, the auditors ensure that a safe working environment is provided, environmental
legislation is respected and employees are not subject to abuse or discrimination.
To complement the foregoing, due to the continuous revision and improvement of ROVI’s tax policies regarding tax
evasion and the prevention of money-laundering, the internal procedure concerning double taxation continues to be
updated and distributed. In 2019, internal training was given to company employees who deal with local and foreign
suppliers, in order to inform them on the importance of the residency certificate in relation to the Double Taxation Treaty
and avoid running any tax risks.
Lastly, in 2019, due to a merger by absorption process in our company group Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI and
subsidiaries, a Communication and Transparency Policy was implemented vis-à-vis our suppliers. Thus, communications
with full tax information on the merger were sent, both electronically and, for the less digitalized companies, on paper,
giving them guidance so that they could update the master data of our companies in their systems and providing several
telephone lines to resolve any queries on invoicing or orders.
7.3.- Consumers
Given their nature, products intended to improve patient health, medicines and healthcare products, require the
instructions of a health professional for their administration or final use. The health professional determines the best
therapeutic approach for a specific patient. Thus, prescription medicines and healthcare products are those that reach
patients on the instructions of a doctor, using a prescription, irrespective of whether they are dispensed in a pharmacy or
administered at health centres. There is, furthermore, a third category: non-prescription pharmaceuticals (OTC), which
do not need a medical prescription but are obtained through pharmacies on the recommendation of the pharmacist.
Most of ROVI’s medicines and health products fall within the category of prescription products, which means they reach
the patients because they have been prescribed by a health professional. Therefore, ROVI’s “consumers” can be divided
into three broad groups:
• Customers, mainly wholesalers, who then distribute to pharmacies, but to whom service must be given.
• Patients
• Professionals: doctors, nursing staff or pharmacists.
Data privacy
The ROVI Group is under the obligation to protect the personal information of customers, patients and professionals.
This commitment has materialised in the adoption of a number of measures and the implementation of different
procedures intended to ensure the integrity, confidentiality and availability of the data that are processed, as well as
safeguarding people’s rights and freedoms.
Within the framework of this process of adapting to the European regulations, ROVI, determined to comply with data
processing principles and the obligations under the new legislation, has appointed a Data Protection Officer, whose
functions include advising the Group on compliance with the new regulatory framework.
36