Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
Measurements at market prices of the Group’s financial instruments recorded at fair value, the totality of which are
classified as available for sale (Note 11), are classified at Level 1.
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as available-for-sale securities) is based on quoted
market prices at the reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid
price.
The fair value of the reimbursable advances without a rate of interest or with a subsidized interest rate is determined by
applying the interest rate curve in force at the date of receipt of the advance to the reimbursements to be made and
adding the spread normally applied in loans to the Group. For financial reporting purposes, fair value is calculated at the
end of each reporting period by applying the interest rate curve in force at the end of each reporting period to the
payments outstanding and adding the corresponding spread. For loans at variable rates of interest, fair value has been
regarded as coinciding with the amount for which they are recognized (Note 18). Measurement of reimbursable
advances without an interest rate at market price is classified as Level 2.
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Critical accounting estimates and judgements are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and
other factors, including expectations of future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
4.1. Critical estimates and assumptions
The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
definition, rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next reporting period are outlined below.
Recoverability of intangible assets
Under the caption “Trademarks and licences”, assets with indefinite useful lives were recognized for an amount of 5,366
thousand euros at 31 December, 2017 and 2016. Management reviews these assets for indications of impairment on an
annual basis, although there has been none to date. The recoverable value, which was higher than the carrying amount
at the end of both reporting periods, has been obtained by projecting the forecast cash flows for the following five years.
Capitalization of development expenses
The Group considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, a biosimilar of enoxaparin, has met
all the requirements mentioned in note 2.7.c) since last quarter of 2014, when an application was filed with the European
health authorities to obtain authorization for the marketing of this biosimilar. Therefore, from that time until the effective
comercialization in Europe of this biosimilar, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalized. These
assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI
considers that it will obtain a positive return on said development over that period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Group considers that the
requirements established in the rules on capitalization of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
26