Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
The knowledge, communication and implementation of these values, which express the Group’s commitment to business
ethics and corporate social responsibility, guide the actions of the Board of Directors and other Group bodies in their
relations with stakeholders. In this respect, the Group has support tools the objectives of which are to:
- Favour attainment of the group’s strategic objectives.
- Improve the group’s competitiveness by implementing management practices based on innovation, equal
opportunities, productivity, profitability and sustainability.
- Manage risks and opportunities derived from the changing environment responsibly, maximising the positive
impacts of the group’s activities in the different territories where it operates and minimising any adverse
impacts as far as possible.
- Promote a culture of ethical conduct and increase business transparency, in order to generate credibility and
confidence among stakeholders, including society as a whole.
- Promote trust relationships and value creation for all stakeholders, providing all of them with a balanced and
integrating response.
2.4. Main factors and trends that may affect future evolution
The IQVIA report “The Global Use of Medicine in 2019 and Outlook to 2023” suggested growth expectations that would
raise global billing to over 1.5 billion dollars. The accuracy of these forecasts could be seen in 2019, when MSCI World
Health Care Total Return, an investment fund that captures the return on an index composed by equity securities in the
health sector in developed markets, rose by 22%.
However, at that time, nobody could have predicted the appearance of the COVID-19 global pandemic and the tremendous
impact it would have. Although it might have seemed that it would benefit the pharmaceutical industry overall, either directly,
through the development and manufacture of antiviral medicines or the development of vaccines, or indirectly, given the
sudden demand for healthcare material (diagnosis kits, masks, gloves, etc.) to combat the crisis that broke out as from
February 2020, Spanish pharmacies closed 2020 with little movement on the previous year’s billing, if we do not include
the effect of products that protect against COVID-19 (+0.2%), according to the figures provided by IQVIA. If we take this
effect into account, according to IQVIA, the pharmaceutical market increased by 4.4% in comparison with 2019.
Undoubtedly, at business level, it is true that the pharmaceutical sector is the one with the best prospects, given the
defensive nature of the industry. Medicines are a basic necessity and are able to withstand economic slowdowns like the
one that may come after the coronavirus epidemic, which has been demonstrated by their response to the pandemic and
the resulting economic crisis.
Apart from this extraordinary situation, in its latest report dated 26 February, 2020, the consultancy firm IQVIA continues
to bet on growth of between 3% and 6% until 2023. Three therapeutic areas will accumulate around 70% of the total
absolute growth: oncology, anti-diabetics and autoimmune diseases.
According to IQVIA, positive growth is expected in the hospital area until 2023, although there will be deceleration in
comparison with previous years. As positive factors for the growth in value, it mentions:
• Ageing of the population;
• Large number of launches of innovative medicines: 239 products in the last five years with total consumption of
approximately 4,261 million euros;
7