Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
3.17 Foreign currency transactions
a) Functional and presentation currency
The Company’s annual accounts are presented in thousands of euros. The euro is the Company’s functional and
presentation currency.
b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
transaction dates. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at reporting-date exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
recognised in profit and loss, except when deferred in equity as eligible cash flow hedges and eligible net investment
hedges.
Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency and classified as financial assets at fair
value through equity are analysed considering the translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of
the security and other changes in its carrying amount. Translation differences relating to variations in the amortised cost
are recognised in profit and loss and other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in equity.
Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equity instruments held at fair value through profit and loss, are
presented as part of the gain or loss in the fair value. Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equity
instruments classified as financial assets at fair value through equity, are included in equity.
3.18 Related-party transactions
In general, transactions between group companies are initially recognised at fair value. When applicable, if the agreed
price differs from the fair value, the difference is recorded in accordance with the actual economic value of the
transaction. Subsequent measurement is in accordance with the provisions set forth in the applicable rules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in transactions of the merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution of a business, the
elements that form the business acquired are measured at the amount that corresponds to them, once the transaction
has been performed, in the consolidated annual accounts of the group or subgroup.
When the parent company of the group or subgroup and its subsidiary is not involved, the annual accounts to be
considered in this respect will be those of the largest group or subgroup of which the assets and liabilities form part the
parent company of which is Spanish.
In these cases, any difference that may arise between the net value of the assets and liabilities of the company acquired,
adjusted by the balance of the groups of grants, donations and legacies received and adjustments for changes in value,
and any amount of capital and/or share premium, if applicable, is recorded in reserves by the absorbing company.
3.19 Contributions to the public health system
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by the Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in
Spain engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are officially prescribed in Spanish territory on
official National Health System prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are
calculated on a scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48, subsequently amended by Additional Provision
6 of Law 29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Company records
the accrued health tax as a sales discount when the sale is made.
The tax calculated under Law 29/2006 is paid or settled with a time lag of approximately one year. Sales subject to the
tax relate to certain Company products that are placed on the market by third parties through official National Health
System prescriptions. This circumstance forces the Company to estimate the outstanding tax obligation and recognise it
as a provision in its financial statements.
Similar estimates are applied in Italy, France, United Kingdom and Portugal with their respective national health systems
and the Company accounts for the provisions applying similar criteria. Calculating the provision in these territories follows
the same principle and, therefore, the judgement likewise consists of estimating the sales subject to the different taxes,
which are calculated in accordance with the actual sales indicators of the present and preceding periods.
17