LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Communication mechanisms
• Transparency and Ongoing Communication Policy.
• Yearly and quarterly publications.
• Collaboration through alliances at local, regional, autonomous community, national and international level with
governmental organisations, essentially the health authorities.
• Membership of sector associations at national and international level.
• Corporate website.
Area of relationship
The Compliance area has a sound and transparent relationship with public and regulatory bodies, the latter of which are key
players in the pharmaceutical sector. The Department’s objective is to ensure the quality and safety of the pharmaceutical
products, promoting trust and collaboration with the regulatory authorities for the sake of public well-being.
Likewise, the Manufacturing, R&D and Registrations areas have a solid relationship with regulatory bodies to ensure
implementation of and compliance with the requirements necessary for manufacturing and marketing ROVI’s products.
i. Interests and views of stakeholders
ROVI established proactive dialogue with its key stakeholders during the double materiality assessment by engaging them in
the different phases of the process in order to understand their expectations and views. In this respect, attention should be
drawn to the fact that they participated in three of the four phases of the project:
Identification phase
Representatives of the workforce participated in the IRO identification phase due to both their technical knowledge in areas
that were important to ROVI and their transversal knowledge of the Company. The main objective of this phase was to validate
the initial impacts, risks and opportunities identified by ROVI’s ESG area and to include any additional IROs proposed by
representatives who are experts in the respective areas.
Assessment phase
During the IRO assessment phase, the scope of participation was broadened by including both internal and external
stakeholders. At this stage two different methods of participation were implemented: questionnaires in interview format and
focus groups. Each of these methods included a contextualisation exercise on the new regulations, explaining the importance
of the participation of those involved, the scales used and the methodology necessary to carry out the assessment process.
In relation to the internal representatives, 15 of ROVI’S area managers contributed to the assessment process through
questionnaires, focusing solely on evaluating the IROs related to their area of specialisation. Regarding the workforce, 21
employees took part in a focus group, focusing solely on assessing the impacts as affected groups. These employees
belonged to the following areas: Safety and Environment, Human Resources, Marketing, Salesforce, Compliance, Legal,
International, Internal Audit, IT, Investor Relations, Quality, Communication, Hospital Network and Group subsidiaries.
In addition, 13 entities representing external stakeholders took part through various questionnaires, assessing the impacts,
risks and opportunities in accordance with their relationship with the Group. Additionally, the Group Finance and ESG areas
assessed all the risks and opportunities, providing their expert view on the matter.
In this respect, the following table has been prepared to provide a visual representation of the number of participants (49)
involved in the assessment process and the specific elements evaluated by each group of stakeholders:
19