Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
5.3.- Results of application of the policies
- Human rights due diligence procedures, prevention of the risk of violation of human rights and, where applicable,
measures to mitigate, manage and provide reparation for any abuses committed.
The ROVI Group applies the Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry in all its business in Spain, likewise
complying with the labour legislation in force at any given moment in all the territories where it operates. Additionally, it
has the following procedures and measures in place:
• The ROVI Group has an Ethics Channel through which all employees must communicate any situation that may
represent a breach of (i) current legislation; (ii) the standards and codes to which the ROVI Group has adhered
voluntarily, (iii) the Group’s internal policies, (iv) the Crime Prevention Model, or (vi) accounting and financial
standards. Said Ethics Channel has Regulations that were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 November,
2017 and is managed by a Management Committee. Likewise, the Compliance Department reports periodically
to the Compliance Committee, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors on the communications received
through the Ethics Channel.
• The Group has a Protocol on Moral and Sexual Harassment.
• The workers have legal representatives at the Julián Camarillo, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcalá de
Henares work centres.
- Number of reports of human rights violations
No reports have been received in relation to human rights violations.
- Description of the measures implemented for promotion of and compliance with the rules of the fundamental
conventions of the International Labour Organisation related to respect for freedom of association and the right to
collective bargaining; the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation; the abolition of
forced or compulsory labour; the effective abolition of child labour:
We refer to the contents of the first point of this section “Human rights due diligence procedures, prevention of the risk of
violation of human rights and, where applicable, measures to mitigate, manage and provide reparation for any abuses
committed”.
28