Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Notional days worked: days worked by each worker in companies with professional and common cover with a mutual society that collaborates with the Social
Security. In the file of movements sent by the General Treasury of the Social Security, the days worked in the company by each worker are calculated and
the days of all the workers are added together..
Total absolute absence rate: percentage ratio between the days of sick leave (AW+OD+CC+COVID-19) and the notional days worked by each worker in
companies with professional and common cover with a mutual society that collaborates with the Social Security (Days sick leave AW+OD+CC+COVID-19 /
notional days) * 100.
Sector: Data relating to the group protected by the mutual society that collaborates with the Social Security in the sector and/or region selected.
Source: Mutua de Accidentes de Trabajo FREMAP. Informe Anual de Absentismo Global GRUPO ROVI.
From the data shown for accidents at work, occupational diseases and common contingencies, it may be seen that the
number of days of absence was 16,656, equivalent to 133,248 working hours lost, representing an absence rate of 3.34%.
There were no occupational diseases among ROVI’s employees in 2020.
- Reconciliation of work and family life and support of co-responsibility therein
ROVI endeavours to create an environment in the organisation that enables its employees to attain a higher quality of life,
with a balance between their personal and family life and progress in their professional careers. To do this, a set of work-
life balance measures are in place, with options adapted to different personal and family situations.
ROVI’s employees apply the work-life balance measures contained in current legislation and the enhancements introduced
by the Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry, as well as other measures, such as flexible working hours,
exchanging shifts or flexibility in the calendars for time off. As we say above in the section on Organisation of Work, ROVI
has a flexible starting and finishing times for the working day of office employees and structure employees in the industrial
area. Likewise, it allows exchanges of shift or days between co-workers in the industrial area and shorter working days
adapted to the needs of each person, also offering flexibility in holiday calendars, provided that this is compatible with the
activity of area in which the employee works
ROVI also supports the work-life balance through advantages in the remuneration of its workforce. Thus, it ensures that
maternity does not represent any decrease in the usual income of the pregnant woman or the father. In this respect, as an
improvement on the government benefits, pays a wage supplement that completes the benefit received from the Social
Security to 100% of the employee’s salary. It also offers salary options, with the availability of nursery school vouchers,
restaurant vouchers and health insurance. Furthermore, ROVI offers all its permanent employees cover by the life
insurance policy paid by the company.
In order to prevent avoidable travel and trips, ROVI provides all the personnel who so require with a laptop computer with
connectivity to the ROVI network and encourages the use of videoconferences and on-line meetings. Likewise, in cases
where the confidentiality obligations associated to the work documentation so permits, teleworking is organised during the
last weeks of pregnancy. Additionally, at work centres where street parking is difficult, parking spaces are made available
to pregnant women.
Due to the crisis caused by COVID-19, ROVI has prioritised this factor when organising its employees’ work from home.
Thus, in those cases where employees included in the teleworking system had difficulties in working the shifts where their
in-person presence was required, they were excused from attending and allowed to work 100% of their working hours from
home.
27