Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
2.3. Consolidation principles
(a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group holds control. The Group controls an
entity when it is exposed to or entitled to obtain variable yields from its involvement in the entity and is able to use its
power over said entity to influence these yields. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is
transferred to the Group and de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
The Group uses the purchase method is used to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for
acquisition of a subsidiary corresponds to the fair value of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred with the previous
owners of the acquiree and equity instruments issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value
of any asset or liability coming from a contingent consideration agreement. Identifiable assets acquired and identifiable
liabilities and contingencies assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair value at the acquisition
date. For each business combination, the Group may elect to recognize any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity
at fair value or for the non-controlling entity’s proportional part in the amounts recognized for the acquiree’s identifiable
net assets.
Acquisition-related costs are recognized as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.
If the business combination takes place in stages, the acquisition-date carrying amount of the acquirer’s previously-held
interest in the equity of the acquiree is remeasured at acquistion-date fair value. Any loss or gain arising from this
remeasurement is recognized in profit and loss.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognized at acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent
changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that are considered an asset or liability are recognized in
accordance with IAS 39 in profit and loss. Contingent considerations classified as equity are not remeasured and their
subsequent settlement is recognized in equity.
Inter-company transactions and balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group entities are eliminated.
Unrealised losses are also eliminated. When necessary, the amounts shown for subsdidiaries have been adjusted to
adapt them to Group accounting policies.
Appendix I to these Notes lists the identification data of the fully-consolidated subsidiaries. All subsidiaries and
associates have the same annual period as the parent company.
(b) Joint arrangements
The Group applies IFRS 11 to all joint arrangements. Under IFRS 11, joint arrangements are classified into either joint
operations or joint ventures, depending on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group has
assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and has determined them to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are
accounted for using the equity method.
11