ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
persons of recognised professional standing, with the right skills, experience, qualifications, education, availability and commitment are
chosen and both men and women who meet the aforementioned requirements may be included among the potential candidates.
These measures also apply to the appointment of senior executives at ROVI, in particular, to the 10 members of the senior executives staff
(excluding executive directors), four of whom are women, which demonstrates ROVI’s commitment to striking a balance between men and
women at all levels.
When, in spite of any measures that have been adopted, the number of women directors or senior
executives is scant or nil, explain the reasons that justify this:
No new directors were selected in 2020. Ms Fátima Báñez was re-elected since she had been appointed by co-option. As previously
mentioned, the composition of ROVI’s executive staff reflects a balance between men and women.
C.1.7 Describe the conclusions of the appointments committee regarding verification of compliance with
the policy designed to favour the appropriate composition of the board of directors.
It was not necessary to apply the Board of Directors Composition Policy in 2020. However, the latest appointment and re-election of a
female director and the composition of ROVI’s executive staff demonstrate the Company’s commitment to the Policy, aimed at achieving a
balanced Board of Directors.
C.1.8 If applicable, please explain the reasons for the appointment of any proprietary directors at the
request of shareholders with less than a 3% equity interest:
Name of shareholder
Reason
No data
State whether the board has failed to meet any formal requests for membership from shareholders whose equity
interest is equal to or higher than that of others at whose request proprietary directors have been appointed. If
this is the case, please explain why the aforementioned requests were not met:
[ ] Yes
[ √ ] No
C.1.9 State the powers delegated by the board of directors, as the case may be, to directors or
board committees:
Name of director or
Brief description
committee
Chief Executive Officer. He holds all the powers and authorisations that may be
Juan López-Belmonte Encina delegated by law, as set out in the deed entering corporate resolutions into public record
dated 21 June, 2017.
C.1.10 Identify any members of the board who are also directors, representatives of directors or executives
in other companies in the group of which the listed company is a member:
Name of director Name of group member Position Do they have executive powers?
MR JUAN LÓPEZ- PAN QUÍMICA Representative Laboratorios
Yes
BELMONTE ENCINA FARMACÉUTICA, S.A Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A.
18 / 65