Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
1. General information
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (hereinafter, “ROVI” or “the Company”) was incorporated in Madrid on 21
December, 1946 with the corporate purpose of the production and sale of pharmaceutical products in national territory. Its
registered office and tax address are at Calle Julián Camarillo, 35, Madrid.
The Company’s principal activity is the research and sale of its own pharmaceutical products and the distribution of other
products for which it holds licences granted by other laboratories for specific periods, in accordance with the terms and
conditions contained in the agreements entered into with said laboratories and the toll manufacturing services to third
parties.
The annual accounts for 2021 include the financial statements of the permanent establishment of Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. in Portugal, created in 1998, the permanent establishment created for value-added tax purposes
in Germany in 2017, and the permanent establishment in Poland, which was set up in 2018.
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. is the parent of a consolidated group the consolidated annual accounts of which
for 2021 will be presented under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS-EU). In accordance with the provisions
of Royal Decree 1159/2010 of 17 September, the Company prepares consolidated annual accounts for its Group. On 22
February, 2021, the consolidated annual accounts of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and subsidiaries at 31
December, 2021 were approved, showing a profit of 153,077 thousand euros and equity, including the net profit for the
year, of 470,976 thousand euros (61,057 thousand euros and 373,700 thousand euros, respectively, at 31 December,
2020).
As of 31 December, 2021, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 60.17% of the shares of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos
Rovi, S.A. (Note 15). As of 31 December, 2020, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 63.11% of the shares of
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. Norbel Inversiones, S.L., with registered office at Calle Julián Camarillo, 35,
Madrid, files consolidated annual accounts with the Madrid Companies Registry.
The Company’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchange and are included in the
Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (Continuous Market).
These annual accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on 22 February, 2022 and are pending approval by the
forthcoming General Shareholders’ Meeting. Notwithstanding, the directors of the Company expect the annual accounts to
be approved without any changes.
2. Bases of presentation
a) True and fair view
The annual accounts have been prepared using the Company’s accounting records and are presented in accordance with
current mercantile legislation and the policies established in the “Plan General de Contabilidad” (“General Chart of
Accounts”), approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007, and the amendments and interpretations issued after its entry into
force, to present fairly the equity, the financial position and the results of the Company, as well as the accuracy of the cash
flows included in the statement of cash flows. The annual accounts are elaborated in accordance with the format and
markup requirements set out in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815.
b) Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of the annual accounts requires the Company to use certain estimates and judgements in relation to the
future that are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions
that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
reporting period are outlined below.
7