Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
Juan López-Belmonte López, as Board of Directors Chairman of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (“the Company”)
issues the following management report in accordance with Article 262, 148 d) and 526 of the Spanish Capital Company
Act (“Ley de Sociedades de Capital”), 61 bis of the Securities Market Law and 49 of the Code of Commerce.
1.- CORPORATE PROFILE AND BUSINESS MODEL
The Company is the parent company of a fully-integrated specialized Spanish pharmaceutical group (ROVI or “the
Group”) engaged in the research and development, contract manufacturing and the marketing of small molecules and
biological specialties. The Group has three principal growth pillars:
- Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) division. In 2020 this division represents 50% of group revenue (47% in
2019). ROVI has two proprietary research products: bemiparin Hibor® and an enoxaparin biosimilar Becat®.
- Other pharmaceutical products division, with a diversified portfolio of both its own and licensed innovative
products, protected by patents.
- Global-scale high-value-added contract manufacturing of injectables (prefilled syringes and vials) and oral
forms for third parties with differentiated capabilities.
The growth of these pillars provides ROVI with a defensive profile that has allowed it to increase profits over recent
years, in spite of the difficult environment that exists in the sector, hampered by the cuts in public pharmaceutical
spending.
In addition, ROVI has a sound, low-risk R&D policy, where the patented ISM® platform (internally-developed and
patented innovative drug-release technology which allows the prolonged release of the compounds administered by
injection) opens up new channels of growth. The Company allocates a large part of its resources to research, in order to
remain in the vanguard in both the product area and the manufacturing and development systems area.
ROVI enjoys a series of competitive advantages that have allowed it to position itself as one of the principal leaders in its
market niche, in a sector which, moreover, has high entry barriers.
- Unique knowledge of low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWH)
- Infrastructure with operating advantages
- Diversified portfolio
- Low-risk innovation
- International expansion
All the companies that form the ROVI Group are aware of the health improvements their products provide and would like
to meet certain social demands in relation to the impact of their activities on society and the environment. Therefore,
ROVI’s economic development must be compatible with its conduct in relation to ethics, society, the workplace, the
environment and respect for human rights.
1