transfer and regulatory approval, commercial production is expected to commence in
2026. As from 2027, which is expected to be the first full recurrent manufacturing year,
the ROVI´s Group CDMO division expects to have a positive revenues increase impact
ranging between 20% and 45% over 2023 sales.
ROIS is well-equipped to support the production of pre-filled syringes given its deep
expertise in the current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) production of sterile
injectable products across both vials and pre-filled syringes.
Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: “We
are delighted to be able to support in the manufacture of medicine that is able to
prolong the life of millions of people. Our proven experience in the manufacture of
high-valued-added injectables and the expansion of our production capacities have
positioned us to help meet the rapidly growing demand, which requires a high degree
of technological capability.”
ROVI receives the FDA’s approval of Risvan® as a treatment for
schizophrenia
nd
ROVI informed (by publication of the relevant information number 27772 dated 2
April 2024) that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had authorised the
marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and
patented by ROVI for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults, which, as of the first
injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require
loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
This approval is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the
(2)
efficacy and safety of Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenia patients . The results obtained
in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg and 100 mg once a month) have
achieved the prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of
patients with moderate to severe symptoms of schizophrenia. The primary efficacy
(3)
endpoint, the PANSS total score (mean difference, CI: 95%), improved significantly with
Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85, with adjusted
differences of -13.0 (17.3 to -8-8; p <0.0001) and -13.3 (-17.6 to -8.9; p<0.0001),
respectively, in comparison with the placebo. Significantly improved mean changes for
(4)
the secondary endpoint, the CGI-S score, were also obtained for Risperidone ISM® in
comparison with the placebo, -0.7 (-1.0 to -0.5; p<0.0001), for both doses, from the
beginning until day 85. The significant statistical improvement for both efficacy results
was observed as early as 8 days after the first injection. The most frequently reported
treatment-emergent adverse events were increased blood prolactin (7.8%), headaches
2 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an
acute exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
3 Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale: the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale is a medical scale based on a semi-structured
interview that rates the severity of the symptoms of schizophrenia patients in three domains: positive symptoms, negative
symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms.
4 Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale: la escala de Impresión Clínica Global–Gravedad rates the severity of schizophrenia
through a question put to the doctor: “Considering your total clinical experience with this particular population, how mentally ill is
the patient at this time?”.
27