LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
because the Group’s activity has no impact on communities who live adjacent to the Company’s operations (local
communities) or those who live at a distance. Neither does it have any impact on indigenous peoples in its business relations
across the value chain. The principal community on which the Group has an impact is deemed to be the consumers or end-
users who acquire its products.
Additionally, IROs linked to an entity-specific topic of the Group called “Digitalisation and artificial intelligence” have been
identified, due to its recent upsurge and potential impact on the Group’s activity.
Preliminary list of topics
ESRS codification Topic Sub-topic
Climate change adaptation
ESRS E1 Climate change Climate change mitigation
Energy
Air pollution
Water pollution
Soil pollution
ESRS E2 Pollution
Pollution of living organisms and food resources
Substances of concern
Microplastics
ESRS E3 Water and marine resources Water
Direct impact drivers of biodiversity loss
ESRS E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems
Impacts on the state of species
Resource inflows, including resource use
Resource use and circular
ESRS E5 Resource outflows related to products and services
economy
Waste
Working conditions
ESRS S1 Own workforce Equal treatment and opportunities for all
Other work-related rights
Working conditions
ESRS S2 Workers in the value chain Equal treatment and opportunities for all
Other work-related rights
Information-related impacts on consumers and/or end-
users
ESRS S4 Consumers and end-users
Personal safety of consumers and/or end users
Social inclusion of consumer s and/or end-users
Corporate culture
Whistleblower protection
Animal welfare
ESRS G1 Business conduct Political influence and lobbying activities
Management of relationships wit h suppliers including
payment practices
Corruption and bribery
A total of 164 impacts, 32 opportunities and 64 risks are associated to the above topics, meaning that a total of 260 IROs were
identified, resulting from both ROVI’s own operations and its upstream and downstream value chain.
Subsequently, as a result of the assessment and determination process, eight of the ten topical ESRS were found to be
material, since they were associated with impacts, risks and/or opportunities that exceeded the established threshold (for
details of the rationale applied by the Group to determine the threshold, see Disclosure Requirement IRO-1O). The topical
standard ESRS E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems was found not to be material, since none of the impacts, risks and
opportunities associated to said topic exceeded the materiality threshold established after the assessment phase. Likewise the
following two sub-sub-topics were also excluded because they did not exceed said threshold:
• S1 - Working conditions: Working time.
• S4 - Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users: Privacy.
22