ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
ROVI is committed to establishing and developing policies that include equal treatment and opportunities for women and men, with no
direct or indirect gender-based discrimination, as well as driving and fomenting measures to attain true equality in the organisation,
establishing equal opportunities as a strategic principle of its human resources policy.
ROVI has an Equality Plan that puts mechanisms in place in areas such as selection and recruitment, internal promotion and professional
development, training, remuneration, work-life balance, gender violence and harassment prevention, and communication. ROVI reviews the
Equality Plan annually.
When Royal Decree-Law 6/2019, of 1 March, on urgent measures to guarantee equal treatment and opportunities for women and men in
employment and occupation was published, ROVI initiated the process of adapting its Equality Plan to said legislation. The Plan Negotiating
Commission was created and made a diagnosis negotiated with the workers’ legal representatives on issues concerning selection and recruitment
processes, professional classification, training, professional promotion, working conditions (including a wage audit between women and men), co-
responsibility in exercising the rights to personal, family and professional life, female under-representation, remuneration, and sexual harassment
prevention. With the entry into force of Royal Decree 901/2020 of 13 October which regulates equality plans and their registration and amends
Royal Decree 713/2010 of 28 May on the registration and filing of collective bargaining agreements and collective employment agreements, the
object of which is the regulatory development of equality plans and their diagnosis, including the obligations associated with registration, filing and
access, the Company has commenced the process of adapting to the provisions of the law in relation to the negotiation, content and registration of
its Equality Plan and bringing it in line with the new regulatory framework. It is anticipated that in 2021 an Equality Plan that is consistent with
Royal Decree 901/2020 of 13 October regulating equality plans and their registration will be approved.
ROVI’s commitment to equality and non-discrimination is also included in the Company’s Code of Ethics and in the principles that govern training
programmes and actions. Furthermore, ROVI has a Protocol for the Prevention and Treatment of Cases of Moral and Sexual Harassment in the
Workplace, which all the employees are obliged to know and respect.
ROVI allocates significant resources to promote its career plans and professional evolution and growth. Likewise, the Company has a Director
Selection Policy intended to: (i) ensure that the proposals for the appointment and re-election of directors of the company are based on a prior
analysis of the needs of the Board of Directors; and (ii) favour diversity of knowledge, experience, age and gender, in such a way that decision-
making is enriched and plural viewpoints are contributed to the debates on the matters that fall within the scope of the Board’s competence. In
December 2020 the Company amended this policy to bring it in line with the changes introduced into the Good Governance Code of Listed
Companies approved by the CNMV in June of last year, at the same time changing the name to Board of Director Composition Policy.
When selecting candidates for the position of director, the starting point will be an analysis of the needs of the Company and its group, which must
be made by the Board of Directors, with advice and reports from the Appointments and Remuneration Committee (“A&RC”). The A&RC will assess
the skills, knowledge and experience required of the Board candidates. In this respect, the A&RC will define the functions and abilities required of
the candidates to fill each vacancy and will also assess the time and dedication needed to perform their tasks properly. In the selection process, any
kind of implicit bias that might suggest discrimination and, in particular, that hinders the selection of persons of either gender will be avoided. To
that end, if there is an obvious imbalance in the composition of the Board of Directors, potential candidates must include women who meet the
requirements and fit the profile being sought. Furthermore, the Board of Directors Composition Policy states that the company will strive for the
number of female directors to represent at least 40% of total Board members in 2022 and no less than 30% before that.
When selecting Board candidates, the A&RC will ensure that the people proposed are honest and apt for the position, with recognised professional
prestige, competence, experience, qualifications, training, availability and commitment to their duties, and that the composition of the Board is
suitably balanced.
Regarding professional qualifications, the Policy requires candidates to have a university degree or at least five years’ experience in administration,
management, control or advisory functions in public or private entities with a similar size and requirements to the company. Furthermore, as
guidance, the Board considers that, in general, directors should not be aged over 80.
C.1.6 Describe the means, if any, agreed upon by the appointments committee to ensure that selection
procedures do not contain hidden biases which impede the selection of female directors and that
the company deliberately seeks and includes women who meet the target professional profile
among potential candidates and which makes it possible to achieve a balance between men and
women. State whether these measures include the company striving to have a significant number of
women directors:
The Appointments and Remuneration Committee assesses the skills, knowledge and experience necessary in candidates to form part of the
Board, in accordance with the Regulations of the Board of Directors and the Regulations on the Appointments and Remuneration Committee.
Specifically, as set out in the Board of Directors Composition Policy, the A&RC verifies that the selection procedures are not affected by any
implicit bias that could imply some kind of discrimination and, in particular, that they do not hinder the selection of female directors.
The Company’s Board of Directors is currently composed of the Company’s three top executives, one proprietary director and three independent
directors who enjoy recognised prestige, all of whom were appointed applying a professional criteria, irrespective of their gender.
The selection of directors to be appointed in the Company is based on the candidates’ merits. In this respect, the Board of Directors and the
Appointments and Remuneration Committee, within their respective spheres of competence, will ensure that honourable and suitable
17 / 65