Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
In relation to patient information, the ROVI Group has specific procedures that regulate personal data processing in both
the pharmacovigilance area and the area of clinical processes. The procedures set out range from how to comply with
information obligations, taking account of the recommendations of the Spanish Medicines Agency set out in the Guide for
correct preparation of a patient information sheet and informed consent form, to exercising the rights of data subjects and
the response thereto. Furthermore, the personal data processing procedure in pharmacovigilance includes the case
where the notifier of an adverse reaction to a medicine is a health professional or a person other than the patient, in
order to ensure the proper processing of the personal data of any data subject; and the data processing procedure for
clinical processes regulates not only the processing of the data of the patients participating in clinical trials, but the
processing of the data of all data subjects, including the trial personnel.
In relation to professionals, the ROVI Group has carried out an in-depth revision and updating of its privacy policies to
ensure fair, transparent and lawful processing of personal information in its inter-relations with them, in order to foster an
improvement of attention to patients, establishing correctly the lawful bases of the processes and the mechanisms
necessary to obtain consent to the data processing that is based thereon.
In relation to customers, since almost all of them are legal persons and, therefore, their data are excluded from the scope
of application of personal data protection legislation, the ROVI Group applies current legislation to ensure the security of
the data of its employees and other third parties whose data must be processed in order to implement the contractual
relationship and avoid any alteration, loss, or unauthorised processing or access to said data.
Health and safety measures for patients and professionals
Customers, including potential customers, health professionals and patients, are the basis of the business and, therefore,
ROVI assumes the following commitments:
a) To bet on innovative drugs as a growth engine for ROVI.
b) To place special importance on the protection of the health and safety of customers and patients throughout the
products’ life cycles through strict compliance with the applicable legislation.
c) To observe due confidentiality in processing their data.
d) To manage and solve their queries and complaints in the shortest period possible.
e) To monitor the customer’s experience through surveys that measure their satisfaction and other means and
systems that allow us to actively and permanently listen to the customer in all the processes and operations in
which the latter interacts with the Company.
f) To have appropriate and efficient communication channels, using the most suitable means to do so.
g) To observe and comply with the rules that govern communication and marketing activities and assume the
voluntary codes that ensure the transparency and veracity of such actions.
Guaranteeing the quality, safety and efficacy of the products that the Company places in the market is the main goal of
ROVI and all the people who form part of it. In this respect, all the Group companies have procedures in place that define
the verifications performed in all phases of the processes, including product research and development, the receipt of
raw materials and packaging materials, production, storage and distribution, until the products are consumed by the
customers.
The standards in place fully meet the Company’s internal requirements and also the external requirements imposed by
the regulatory bodies for the different products on ROVI’s portfolio.
37