LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
2. ESRS S2. Workers in the value chain
The objective of this chapter is to specify the way in which ROVI has impacts on value chain workers connected with its own
operations, its business relations or its products. Likewise, this chapter has the objective of addressing the risks and
opportunities arising from the previously-identified material impacts.
Additionally, the actions taken to prevent, mitigate or remediate negative impacts and the results of these actions, as well as the
Group’s approach when addressing topics such as working conditions, equal treatment and opportunities, and other work-
related rights.
This chapter will discuss the workers in the Group’s upstream and downstream value chain, i.e. all workers who are not included
in the “own workforce” (employees and non-employees).
a. Strategy
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of how the interests, views and rights of the workers
in ROVI’s value chain impact its strategy and business model.
At present, ROVI does not take account of the role that its business model may play in creating, exacerbating or mitigating
material impacts on value chain workers. Likewise, the Group has not adapted either its strategy or its business model in
accordance with the material impacts identified as a result of the double materiality assessment. Notwithstanding, ROVI
operates mainly in Europe and its principal partners belong to the pharmaceutical sector. These circumstances mean that the
regulatory environment and supervision of these counterparties are very demanding, thus ensuring an appropriate level of
worker protection.
In addition, as a result of the reflection process arising from the new sustainability-related regulatory environment and aware
that the impact of its activity may extend beyond its own operations, ROVI will incorporate the impacts and opportunities48
identified as material when drawing up its next ESG Master Plan when the current Master Plan expires in 2025. In this respect,
the strategic pillar “Responsible supply chain management” will be reinforced to include the actions necessary to mitigate
negative material impacts and take the opportunities identified.
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the material impacts and opportunities as they
result from the Group’s double materiality assessment in relation to value chain workers.
ROVI conducted a double materiality assessment in which it analysed the context, taking account of its strategy and business
model, to find out the aspects that could impact its relations with value chain workers. The impacts and opportunities found to be
material in relation to value chain workers as a result of said assessment are set out below:
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
EcoVadis Platform: evaluates the ESG performance of
Positive
Upstream All topics suppliers in relation to the environment, human rights and Actual < 1 year
impact
labour practices, ethics, and sustainable purchasing.
In 2023, only 18.3% of Group suppliers were evaluated on
Downstream All topics Negative Actual < 1 year
the EcoVadis platform.
Upstream All topics ROVI does not establish sustainable purchasing criteria. Negative Actual < 1 year
48 Take account of the fact that no material risks have been identified.
120