Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
back Program is reached. Moreover, ROVI reserves the right to terminate the Buy-back Program before the end of
the referred 6-month period if any other circumstance that makes it advisable occurs.
3.- Maximum monetary amount up to 46,000,000 euros, provided that the maximum price per share may not exceed
that provided for by article 3.2 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052.
The authorization granted by the general shareholders’ meeting of the Company on 17 June 2021 established (a) a
minimum price for the acquisition corresponding to the nominal value of the acquired shares and (b) a maximum price
for the acquisition corresponding to a price not above the highest between (i) the last transaction carried out on the
market by independent parties and (ii) the highest price of a purchase order amongst those contained in the orders
book.
The maximum monetary amount of the Buy-back Program may be reduced in the amount applied by the Company,
during its term, to the acquisition of own shares on the block trades market or over the counter for the same purpose,
which will be notified to the market in the periodic other relevant information notices informing of the transactions
carried out under the Buy-back Program.
4.- Maximum number of shares to be acquired: 560,700 shares of the Company, representing approximately 1%
of the Company’s share capital as of today.
The maximum number of shares to be acquired under the Buy-back Program may also be reduced if, during its term,
acquisitions of own shares on the block trades market or over the counter are carried out for the same purpose, which
will be notified to the market in the periodic other relevant information notices informing of the transactions carried
out under the Buy-back Program.
5.- Trading volume to be considered as reference: the trading volume to be taken as a reference for the purposes
of the provisions of article 3.3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 for the entire duration of the Buyback Program
shall be 25% of the average daily volume of ROVI’s shares on the Continuous Market of the Spanish Stock Exchanges
during the twenty trading days prior to the date of the purchase.
The Buyback Program shall be managed by Bestinver, S.V., S.A., that will manage the Buyback Program by making its
decisions regarding the implementation of the purchases of ROVI’s shares and their price and volume conditions
independently.
It is noted that, as of 16 November 2021, ROVI does not have any liquidity agreements in place (nor has it suspended any
transactions under any liquidity agreement).
Any potential amendment, interruption or termination of the Buyback Program and any acquisition of shares thereunder
shall be communicated to the Spanish National Securities Market Commission pursuant to article 5 of Regulation 595/2014
and Delegated Regulation 2016/1052.
2.3.4 ROVI receives the positive opinion of the CHMP on Okedi® as a treatment for schizophrenia
ROVI announced (by publication of the relevant information number 13249 dated 17th of December of 2021) that the
Committee for Medical Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency has recommended the
approval of Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and patented by ROVI for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults for whom the tolerability and effectiveness has been established with oral risperidone, since, as of
the first injection, it provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or
supplementation with oral risperidone.
The positive opinion of the CHMP is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the efficacy and safety
of Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenia patients3.The results obtained in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg
3 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute
exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
7