Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
Where any Group company purchases shares in the Company (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any
directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s
shareholders until the shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any
consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effect, is
included in equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders.
2.15 Government grants
Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Grants relating to reimbursable advances are recognised
when these advances are granted to the Group.
Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit and loss over the period necessary to match
them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.
Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as
deferred government grants and are credited to profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related
assets.
Reimbursable advances at zero interest rate or those with a subsidised interest rate are recognised at fair value at the time
they are received, subsequently being recognised at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and the face
value is registered as “Recognition of government grants on non-financial assets and others” if the loans are financing
incurred expenses, or are included in non-current liabilities as deferred government grants, and credited to the income
statement on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the assets which have been funded with said loans.
2.16 Trade payables
Trade payables are payment obligations for goods or services acquired from suppliers in the ordinary course of business.
The payables are classified as current liabilities if they mature at one year or less (or if they mature within a normal operating
cycle, if longer). Otherwise, they are shown as non-current liabilities.
Trade payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method.
2.17 Financial debt
The different liabilities recorded as financial debt are broken down below:
a) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs incurred.
Subsequently, are measured at amortised cost, any difference between the funds obtained (less the costs necessary to
obtain them) and the repayment value being recognised in profit and loss over the period of the borrowings in accordance
with the effective interest rate method.
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional
right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
Commissions paid for obtaining a credit line are recognised as debt transaction costs, provided that it is likely that part or
all of the line will be drawn down. In this case, the commissions are deferred until the line is drawn down. To the extent that
it is unlikely that all or part of the credit line will be drawn down, the commission will be capitalised as an advance payment
for liquidity services and amortised over the period for which the credit is available.
17