LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
3. ESRS E2. Pollution
The objective of this chapter is to disclose how ROVI’s activity affects pollution of air, water and soil, taking account of material
actual or potential, positive or negative impacts.
Likewise, the policies adopted to prevent or mitigate the actual or potential negative impacts and address the associated risks
and opportunities are disclosed. The actions taken by the Group to address the prevention, control, elimination or reduction of
pollution are also described.
a. Management of impacts, risks and opportunities
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to
identify and assess material pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities
In relation to the process followed by ROVI to identify the material pollution-related impacts, risks and opportunities, see
Disclosure Requirement ESRS 2 IRO-1, which describes the four phases of the double materiality assessment: understanding,
identification, assessment and determination. Likewise, ROVI has no impact on adjacent communities either in its own
operations or in any part of its value chain (see explanation under Disclosure Requirement IRO-2) and, therefore, it has not
been necessary to consult such communities.
As a result of the double materiality assessment, the pollution-related impacts31 found to be material are described below:
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Sub-topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
Water Extensive use of antibiotics in pigs (from which heparin is Negative
Upstream Actual < 1 year
pollution obtained). impact
Own Water Positive
ROVI’s correct management of wastewater. Actual < 1 year
operations pollution impact
Water Medicines that are not recycled through “Punto Sigre” that Negative
Downstream Actual < 1 year
pollution end up in dumps. impact
Water Classification process at “Punto SIGRE” with the objective Positive
Downstream Actual < 1 year
pollution of “zero discharge”. impact
Emission of pollutant gases such as ammonia (NH3)
Negative
Upstream Air pollution derived from the extensive use of pigs (from which heparin Actual < 1 year
impact
is obtained).
Own Treatment system for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) Positive
Air pollution Actual < 1 year
operations that helps avoid air pollution. impact
Toxic compounds released by the incineration of medicine Negative
Downstream Air pollution Actual < 1 year
waste to recover energy. impact
Incineration of medicine waste to recover energy avoids Positive
Downstream Soil pollution Actual < 1 year
soil pollution. impact
Across the Emissions into t he air due to transportation of raw Negative
Air pollution Actual < 1 year
value chain materials and finished goods by ROVI. impact
Reduction in soil pollution by energy recovery carried out at Positive
Downstream Soil pollution Actual < 1 year
“Punto SIGRE” classification plants. impact
Contribution to soil pollution by medicines not recycled at Negative
Downstream Soil pollution Actual < 1 year
the “Punto SIGRE” that end up in dumps. impact
Generation of microplastics due to heavy consumption of
Accross the Negative
Microplastics plastic across the whole value chain of the pharmaceutical Actual < 1 year
value chain impact
sector.
Medicines or medical devices (eg. syringes) no recycled at
Substances of Negative
Downstream the “Punto SIGRE” or through specific bins tend to end up Actual < 1 year
concern impact
in dumps.
31 The fact that no material risks or opportunities have been identified should be taken into account.
79