LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Finally, regarding health and safety, ROVI has a procedure called SOPc811 Accident Investigation, which allows workers to
identify and report unsafe actions and conditions. This system enables specific action plans to be implemented to address any
situations detected, thus reinforcing prevention and promoting a safer work environment.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-4: Taking action on material impacts on own workforce,
and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities
related to own workforce, and effectiveness of those actions
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to inform on the actions related to impacts on ROVI’s own workers, as well as
the Company’s approach to the material risks related to them.
In 2024, ROVI implemented several actions to prevent possible negative impacts44 and risks45 and promote positive impacts on
its own workforce, among which the following initiatives stood out:
Firstly, Workday was implemented as a software platform in order to strengthen talent management, a key area for the
Company. This tool has permitted an improvement in the management and analysis of own workforce-related data, optimising
key processes such as the onboarding experience for new employees and the continuous development of their career plans.
The implementation of Workday represented an investment of €1,499,185.16 for ROVI.
Likewise, leadership and team management training sessions were conducted for Group professionals who had recently taken
on roles with responsibility.
Additionally, ROVI carried out a study in collaboration with its Internal Audit and Human Resources Departments and the
external consultant firm Lukkap, through which it aims to improve employee experience in relation to human resource
management.
At the same time, also in collaboration with Lukkap, ROVI is making an analysis of the recent increase in employee turnover. On
the basis of the result of this analysis, the Company is working activity to implement strategic measures to halt and reverse this
trend, thus reinforcing its commitment to retaining and satisfying its human capital. These two actions with Lukkap represented a
total expense of €42,425,02.
In the health and safety area, in 2024, the Group conducted an accident prevention campaign for the World Day for Safety and
Health at Work. This initiative was notified to all the personnel through a number of channels, such as emails and information
screens at the work centres, ensuring an effective reach. The campaign, designed with the slogan “Safety is not a game, but it
has its rules”, included creative and educational material, as well as an explanatory video, visually attractive computer graphics
and a personalised pack of cards, adapted to the central theme. This innovative approach sought to raise awareness among the
employees in a way that was dynamic and memorable, reinforcing the importance of complying with safety rules in the
workplace.
Also in relation to health and safety, ROVI underwent the audits to certify the non-industrial part of the business under the
standard ISO 45001:2015 in the last quarter of 2024.
ROVI likewise worked on the following aspects related to the health and safety of its own workforce at each one of its industrial
complexes:
Alcalá de Henares Complex:
• Reduction in the risk of falling to a different level from “moderate” to “tolerable” in maintenance and palletising positions.
The installation of tilting guardrails for protection from falls to different levels involved an investment of €7,860.
• Attaining the 2% incidence rate for accidents without days lost for employees.
44Mention should be made of the fact that no actions have been taken to remediate negative impacts since none were identified in the double materiality
process.
45 All material risks related to ROVI’s own workforce are integrated into the corporate risk map.
106