Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
1 . General information
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (the “parent company" or "the Company") was incorporated as a public limited
company (“sociedad anónima”) in Madrid on 21 December, 1946. It is entered in the Companies Register of Madrid, sheet
1,179, folio 197 of volume 713 of Companies Book 283. Its registered office and the tax address are at Julián Camarillo,
35, Madrid (Spain)
The Company’s principal activity is the sale of its own pharmaceutical products, the distribution of other products for which
it holds licences granted by other laboratories for specific periods, in accordance with the terms and conditions contained
in the agreements entered into with said laboratories and the toll manufacturing services to third parties.
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. is the parent of a pharmaceutical business group (hereinafter, “ROVI” or “Rovi
Group” or “Group”) engaged in the production and sale of pharmaceutical products. Low-molecular-weight heparins, which
are marketed in various countries, are the Group’s main products.
The Company’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges and included in the
Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (Continuous Market).
As of 31 December, 2021, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 60.17% of the shares of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos
Rovi, S.A. (Note 15). As of 31 December, 2020, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 63.11% of the shares of
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. Norbel Inversiones, S.L., with registered office at Calle Julián Camarillo, 35, Madrid,
files consolidated annual accounts with the Madrid Companies Registry.
These consolidated annual accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on 22 February, 2022 and are pending
approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Nevertheless the Directors of the Company expect the annual accounts
to be approved without any changes.
Changes in the consolidated group
In August 2021, the company Rovi Biotech GmbH was incorporated, with registered office at Bahnhofstrasse 10, 6300 Zug
(Switzerland), 100% owned by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. The pre-tax loss of this company in 2021 was 16
thousand euros and its assets at 31 December, 2021 were 269 thousand euros.
2. Summary of key accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated annual accounts are set out below. These
policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods presented in these consolidated annual accounts.
2.1 Bases of presentation
These consolidated annual accounts for 2021 (and those for 2020 presented for comparative purposes) have been
prepared under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the
European Union pursuant to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 19 July, 2002 and in accordance with the format and markup requirements set out in Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2019/815, according to which all companies governed by the Law of a Member State of the European
Union whose shares are listed on a regulated market of any of the Member States must present their consolidated annual
accounts for the reporting periods starting on or after 1 January, 2005 in accordance with the IFRS endorsed by the
European Union.
The consolidated annual accounts have been prepared, in general, under the historical cost convention, except for equity
securities.
The preparation of consolidated annual accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies.
7