Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
Said capital reduction was recorded in the Companies Register on 12 September 2024 for an amount of 167 thousand euros
through the cancellation of 2,780,395 treasury shares. On the same date, the shares were delisted from the Stock Exchange
Interconnection System and the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges. The weighted average cost of the
cancelled treasury shares was 152,463 thousand euros and the difference was taken to “Retained earnings” and “Voluntary
reserves” for an amount of 152,296 thousand euros.
3.4.- Dividends
On 24 June 2024, the General Shareholders Meeting approved the application of the 2023 profit, which included a dividend to
be distributed to the shareholders for an amount of 59,618 thousand euros (1.1037 euros gross per share). The dividend was
paid out in July 2024.
On 14 June, 2023, the General Shareholders Meeting approved the application of the 2022 profit, which included a dividend to
be distributed to shareholders for a maximum total amount of 69,886 thousand euros (1.2938 euros gross per share). This
dividend was paid out in July 2023.
4.- RISK MANAGEMENT
4.1.- Operating risks
The main risk factors to which the Group considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business goals are the
following:
– Concentration of operations in specific customers.
– Risk of cyberattacks.
– Incidents related to the quality of the products sold by ROVI and incidents in the clinical trials of medicines, side effects
of the products sold by ROVI or incorrect management of the notifications in this respect.
– Failure to conclude successfully – or as expected – the Research & Development projects that ROVI is conducting.
– Impact of the current geopolitical, socio-political and macroeconomic threats.
– Changes in the prescription criteria or market regulations intended to contain pharmaceutical spending.
– Difficulty in attracting, motivating or retaining personnel.
– Changes in the supply conditions of the necessary manufacturing materials or the products that ROVI markets.
– Failure to comply with the regulations applicable to the industry and/or ROVI’s activities.
– Risk derived from adapting to climate change requirements and regulations.
– Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the Group’s size and complexity.
ROVI monitors and remains permanently alert to any risks that may adversely affect its business activities, applying the
appropriate policies and measures to manage them and constantly developing contingency plans that can reduce or offset their
impact. Among these, special attention should be drawn to the fact that the Group (i) continues to improve its processes and
controls, including those related to the manufacturing processes and those arising from internationalisation; (ii) is working
intensively to maintain broad and diversified portfolios of both products and customers; (iii) continues to pursue its goal of
constantly opening up new markets as a result of its international expansion project; (iv) is intensifying its efforts to mitigate the
risk of cyberattack by raising awareness among its employees and conducting cybersecurity reviews; (v) is continuing with the
diversification of its suppliers of raw materials and other packaging materials necessary to manufacture its products; (vi)
continues striving to improve its personnel policies; (vii) has started to quantify the risk derived from climate change; and (viii)
continues to monitor regulatory compliance, including compliance with the regulations applicable in the different geographical
areas where it operates.
14