LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
We highlight the fact that, as stated above, more than 90% of the ROVI Group’s suppliers operate in countries belonging
to the European Union and those that carry on their activity outside the European Union enjoy recognised prestige in the
international community. This means that supplier non-compliance with Human Rights requirements is considered limited
and under control.
Additionally, regarding the environment, as stated above, ROVI is committed to making a joint effort with its suppliers and
contractors to minimise the impact of their activities on the environment and the risks derived for safety and health, both
in the environment and for their workers.
ROVI has a supplier selection policy (SOP 002) that includes a list of the criteria used to select each type of supplier. It
provides for an initial evaluation and another periodic evaluation. This is used to draw up a list of approved suppliers kept
by the Quality Department.
There is also a Supplier Engagement and Payment Policy, in order to establish a framework for relations with suppliers
and creditors that is shared by the whole Company. It sets out the following: (i) suppliers with an annual volume of over
100,000 euros must always have a duly signed contract, (ii) it regulates how invoices should be sent and recorded, and
(iii) the means of payment accepted.
Additionally, on-site audits are conducted to check that suppliers operate in accordance with national and local
regulations, there are no important breaches in respect of workplace safety and there are no practices that violate the
workers’ rights. Among other aspects, the auditors ensure that a safe working environment is provided, environmental
legislation is respected and employees are not subject to abuse or discrimination.
7.3.- Consumers
Given their nature, products intended to improve patient health, medicines and healthcare products, require the
instructions of a health professional for their administration or final use. The health professional determines the best
therapeutic approach for a specific patient. Thus, prescription medicines and healthcare products are those that reach
patients on the instructions of a doctor, using a prescription, irrespective of whether they are dispensed in a pharmacy or
administered at health centres. There is, furthermore, a third category: non-prescription pharmaceuticals (OTC), which
do not need a medical prescription but are obtained through pharmacies on the recommendation of the pharmacist.
Most of ROVI’s medicines and health products fall within the category of prescription products, which means they reach
the patients because they have been prescribed by a health professional. Therefore, ROVI’s “consumers” can be divided
into three broad groups:
• Customers, mainly wholesalers, who then distribute to pharmacies, but to whom service must be given.
• Professionals: doctors, nursing staff or pharmacists.
• Patients.
32