LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Scope 3:
Regarding waste management, ROVI is striving to reduce and, ultimately, eliminate all destructive treatments, replacing them by
recovery processes. It is also promoting the transportation of this waste to treatment centres closer to the facilities where they
are generated. Additionally, from 2024 onwards, the logistics operators engaged by the Group will be required to submit
decarbonisation plans. If they do not have such plans, the will be obliged to prepare them during the first two years that they
work with ROVI.
Furthermore, alternative packaging materials are being evaluated to replace the present ones. The Group already has four lines
that package products in cardboard, rather than plastic, for one of its main customers and is also working on the viability of
introducing recycled and recyclable plastic blisters for some products.
Objectives for the current year
In spite of the existence of the above actions, including both those implemented and those under analysis, ROVI does not
monitor the reductions in GHG emissions that have been achieved or forecast. Notwithstanding, in 2024, the Group focused on
attaining a series of specific goals, such as mitigating 100% of the CO emissions generated in 2023 at each centre due to
2
electricity and fuel consumption (Scopes 1 and 2 of the carbon footprint). The expense associated to this totalled €50,616.
Additionally, there are specific objectives for each industrial complex:28
Julián Camarillo:
• Not to increase electricity consumption in proportion to production volume by more than 5% compared to 2023.
Alcalá de Henares:
• Not to increase electricity consumption by more than 16% or natural gas consumption by more than 4% in proportion to
the increase in production volume compared with 2023.
Granada y Escúzar:
• Generation of at least 200,000 kWh/year more of energy for self-consumption in 2024 compared to the total energy
consumed at each plant in 2023.
Lastly, mention should be made of the fact that the actions described above will be reflected, where appropriate, with the
relevant taxonomy activities and key results indicators. Details may be consulted in the European Taxonomy chapter (eligible
and aligned activities). The consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and Equipment”
and Note 7 “Intangible Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in Note 25 “Other
Operating Expenses”.
d. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-4: Targets related to climate change mitigation and
adaptation
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the focus adopted by ROVI to support its climate change-related
procedures and address the impacts and risks associated to the resources.
At present, ROVI does not have measurable targets aimed at specific GHG emission reduction targets in order to address
management of the climate-related impacts and risks identified since, as mentioned previously, the Group does not have a
corporate transition plan. However, the ROVI Group has a commitment to adhere to the SBTi Initiative (Science Based Targets
Initiative)29 in 2025.
Notwithstanding, even though no targets have been fixed for the years 2030 and 2050, the Group will continue with the annual
corporate goal of reducing 100% of the Scopes 1 and 2 emissions that have not been avoided or reduced, as well as increasing
28 No specific goals have been established for the San Sebastián de los Reyes plant.
29 The Science Based Targets are a set of targets defined to establish a clear route to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
73