Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
their carrying amounts in the Consolidated Annual Accounts. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it
arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of
the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end
of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred
income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when, and only when, there is a legally enforceable right to
offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes
levied by the same tax authority on the same entity or taxpayer or on different entities or taxpayers which intend to settle
current tax assets and liabiities for their net amount.
2.18. Employee benefits
(a) Pension obligations
The Group holds a defined-contribution plan exclusively on behalf of certain Group employees. A defined-contribution
plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into an external fund. The Group has no legal or
constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the
benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.
For the defined-contribution plans, the Group pays contributions into pension insurance plans managed publicly or
privately on a mandatory, contract or voluntary basis. Once the contributions have been paid, the Group holds no further
payment obligations. The contributions are recognised as employee benefits when accrued. Benefits paid in advance are
recognised as an asset to the extent that cash is refunded or future payments are reduced.
(b) Termination payments
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date, or
whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises these
benefits on the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of said benefits; or (b)
when the entity recognises restructuring costs within the scope of IAS 37 and this means termination benefits must be
paid. When an offer is made in order to encourage voluntary redundancies on the part of the employees, the termination
benefits are measured in accordance with the number of employees who are expected to accept the offer. The benefits
that will not be paid within the twelve months following the end of the reporting period are discounted back to their
present value.
(c) Bonus plans
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on the estimates of fulfilment of certain corporate
targets established for employees.
25