Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
- Disconnection from work
Before Royal Decree-Law 8/2019 of 8 March on Urgent Measures for Social Protection and the Fight against Job Insecurity
in the Workplace (the “Royal Decree”) was promulgated. ROVI already aimed for its employees to be able to enjoy their
time off effectively and conserve their personal and family privacy. To do this, ROVI has encouraged practices aligned with
disconnection from work, avoiding communication with employees through any channel (telephone, e-mail or any other)
outside working hours unless there is an urgent, unforeseen need that cannot be met otherwise. Likewise, meetings in the
later part of the working day are avoided, in order to prevent overstepping working hours at the end of the day and thus
affecting the work-life balance.
When the aforementioned Royal Decree-Law 8/2019 was promulgated, ROVI included a Digital Disconnection Protocol in
its Agreements with the Workers’ Representatives and its Working Day Register Policies. This regulates ROVI’s
commitment not to require its employees to connect to the Company’s digital systems, e-mail or telephone once the working
day fixed for each worker has concluded.
- Employees with disabilities
As a socially responsible company, ROVI maintains a commitment to mainstreaming people with disabilities in the
workplace. Having a job allows both their incorporation into the workplace and a decrease in the risk of social exclusion,
with the adverse social and financial consequences that this implies. In addition, the spirit of sacrifice and desire to improve
of differently-abled people provides added value to the Company and enriches it.
As an expression of its commitment to mainstreaming people with disabilities in the workplace, ROVI fosters their joining
its personnel. Thus, in 2020, the number of people with disabilities who formed part of ROVI’s direct workforce had
increased in comparison with the preceding year. At 31 December, 2020, there were 26 employees, in comparison with 25
the previous year. Additionally, in 2020, 7 people were working for the company through a temporary employment
company, making a total of 33.
The Group holds agreements with the Fundación Prods, the Fundación Manantial and the Associación Síndrome de Down
in Granada whereby it conducts supported employment programmes aimed at the workplace inclusion of persons with
intellectual disabilities. ROVI firmly believes that, when person with intellectual disabilities receive the training and support
necessary, they provide the best of their personal, social and employment abilities and perform high-quality work.
To complement the foregoing, ROVI carries out actions to foment the social integration of this group in two spheres. First,
within its activities related to Corporate Social Responsibility, it provides economic cooperation to various non-profit entities
that carry on their activities in the area of help for the social inclusion of persons with intellectual and/or physical disabilities
by organising leisure and sports activities, which are difficult for these people to access. Likewise, Special Employment
Centres are its service providers in several different areas of the Company’s activity (to consult these two spheres of action,
please see section 7.1 Commitment to sustainable development).
23