Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2025 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2025
To assess the credit risk on receivables, the Group periodically evaluates its customer portfolio considering two blocs:
government and non-government. Government customers are defined as all those that are government entities for
which, given their nature, a low credit risk is considered to exist. Most of these customers are in the healthcare sector
and are hospitals and medical clinics whose transactions are regulated by law. With regard to non-government
customers, the Group includes in this category all private customers, such as wholesalers, manufacturing customers and
other pharmaceutical companies, and assesses them on the basis of the age of their debt, their financial position and
their credit rating (if available).
The contracts the Group signs with its customers have an average term of between 3 and 5 years, which allows a
considerable stable flow of revenue to be generated. Likewise, due to the credit quality of the private customer, as well
as the Group’s internal systems and the collection periods established, there was no significant impact on the Group in
either 2023 or 2022.
The banks and financial institutions with which the Group works generally have independent ratings. If customers have
been independently rated, such ratings are used. If this is not the case, then the Group assesses the risk on the basis of
the customer’s financial position, historical experience and a series of other factors. In those cases in which there is no
doubt as to the customer’s financial solvency, the Group elects not to set credit limits.
12.2.3 Liquidity risk
Management periodically monitors the liquidity estimates of the Company in accordance with the expected cash flows.
ROVI maintains sufficient cash and marketable securities to meet its liquidity requirements.
13.- Stock market capitalization
On the December 5th 2007, ROVI carried out an Initial Public Offering (IPO) of shares initially intended for qualified
investors in Spain and to qualified institutional investors abroad. The face value of the operation, without including the
shares corresponding to the green shoe purchase option, was 17,389,350 shares already issued and in circulation with a
nominal value of 0.06 euros per share, giving a total nominal amount of 1,043,361 euros. The offering price for the
operation was 9.60 euros per share.
Additionally, in 2018, a capital increase was carried out through the issue of 6,068,965 newly-issued ordinary shares in
the Company with a par value of 0.06 euros each, belonging to the same class and series as the existing shares that
were already in issue.
The following graph shows the fluctuation of the share price in the stock market in 2025:
13