Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
The Company classifies a financial instrument as a financial liability, in full or in part, provided that the substance of the
economic situation represents a direct or indirect contractual obligation for the Company to deliver cash or another financial
asset or to exchange financial assets and liabilities with third parties under potentially unfavourable conditions.
Contracts that impose on the Company an obligation to acquire own equity instruments, in cash or by delivering a financial
asset, are recognised in reserves as a financial liability for the present value of the amount payable. Transaction costs are
likewise recognised as a decrease in reserves.
3.8 Financial liabilities
a) Financial liabilities at amortised cost
The Company classifies all liabilities in this category except when they must be measured at fair value through profit and
loss. The category includes trade and non-trade debts. These debts are classified as current liabilities unless the Company
has an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date.
These debts are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs directly incurred, and are subsequently stated at
amortised cost applying the effective interest rate method. This effective interest rate is the discount rate that makes the
carrying amount of the instrument equal to the expected flow of future payments forecast until maturity of the liability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, trade debits maturing at no more than one year that do not have a contractual interest rate
are measured, both initially and subsequently, at their face value when the effect of not discounting the cash flows is not
significant.
b) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss are those held for trading that the Company has irrevocably
designated in this category and certain hybrid financial liabilities.
These financial liabilities are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value, recognising any
changes in profit and loss for the period.
Transaction costs directly allocable to issuance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
3.9 Grants received
Reimbursable grants are recognised as liabilities until they meet the conditions not to be considered non-reimbursable,
while non-reimbursable grants are recognised as income directly in the equity on a systematic and rational basis in
correlation with the expenses derived from the grant.
In this respect, a grant is considered non-reimbursable when there is an individual decision to award the grant, all the
conditions fixed for awarding it have been met and there is no reasonable doubt that it will be received.
Monetary grants are recognised at the fair value of the amount awarded and non-monetary grants at the fair value of the
item received. In both cases, the values refer to the time of recognition.
Non-reimbursable grants related to the acquisition of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and real estate
investments are allocated as income for the period in proportion to the amortisation or depreciation of the related assets
or, if applicable, when the assets are disposed of, there is a value adjustment for impairment or they are derecognised in
the statement of financial position. Non-reimbursable grants related to specific expenses are recognised in profit and loss
in the same period as the related expenses are accrued, while those awarded to offset an operating deficit are recognised
in the period in which they are granted, except when they are intended to offset operating deficits in future periods, in which
case they will be allocated to the period in question.
15