Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
Derecognition of a financial asset in full implies the recognition of a gain or loss for the difference between its carrying
amount and the total consideration received, net of transaction costs, including any assets acquired or liabilities assumed
and any loss or gain deferred in other comprehensive income.
2.12 Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.
2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less.
2.14 Share capital
The subscribed share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, face value reductions or the write-off of existing shares
are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
Where any Group company purchases shares in the Company (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any
directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s
shareholders until the shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued,
any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax
effect, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders.
2.15 Government grants
Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will
be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Grants relating to reimbursable advances are
recognised when these advances are granted to the Group.
Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit and loss over the period necessary to match
them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.
Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as
deferred government grants and are credited to profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the
related assets.
Reimbursable advances at zero interest rate or those with a subsidised interest rate are recognised at fair value at the
time they are received, subsequently being recognised at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and the
face value is registered as “Recognition of government grants on non-financial assets and others” if the loans are
financing incurred expenses, or are included in non-current liabilities as deferred government grants, and credited to the
income statement on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the assets which have been funded with said loans.
21