Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
• IAS 16 (Amendment) “Property, Plant and Equipment”. Through this Amendment, further details are given on
measurement on recognition of the asset and the information to disclose. The IASB proposes that this
Amendment should come into force on 1 January, 2022. ROVI will take this Amendment into account when
presenting the financial statements to which it applies, although its impact is not expected to be significant.
• IAS 37 (Amendment) “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. This Amendment gives details
of the costs of fulfilling a contract. The IASB proposes that this Amendment should come into force on 1
January, 2022. ROVI will take this Amendment into account in the event that any transactions that require the
Standard to be applied take place.
• Annual Improvements to IFRSs. Cycle 2018 – 2020. The amendments affect IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS
41. The main changes that may apply to the Group refer to:
o IFRS 1 “First-time Adoption of IFRSs”. The amendment permits a subsidiary that applies paragraph
D16 (a) of IFRS 1 to measure cumulative translation differences using the amounts reported by its
parent, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRSs.
o IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. The amendment clarifies which fees an entity includes when it applies
the ‘10 per cent’ test in paragraph B3.3.6 of IFRS 9 in assessing whether to derecognise a financial
liability.
o IFRS 16, “Leases”. The amendment to Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16.
o IAS 41 “Agriculture”. The amendment removes the requirement in paragraph 22 of IAS 41 for entities to
exclude taxation cash flows when measuring the fair value of a biological asset using a present value
technique.
The IASB proposes that these amendments should come into force on 1 January, 2022. When they do, ROVI
will take these changes into account.
2.3 Consolidation principles
a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group holds control. The Group controls an
entity when it is exposed to or entitled to obtain variable yields from its involvement in the entity and is able to use its
power over said entity to influence these yields. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is
transferred to the Group and de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
The Group uses the purchase method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for
acquisition of a subsidiary corresponds to the fair value of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred with the previous
owners of the acquiree and equity instruments issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value
of any asset or liability coming from a contingent consideration agreement. Identifiable assets acquired and identifiable
liabilities and contingencies assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their acquisition-date fair value.
For each business combination, the Group may elect to recognise any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity at
fair value or for the non-controlling entity’s proportional part in the amounts recognised for the acquiree’s identifiable net
assets.
Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.
13