Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
Financial assets are derecognised in the accounts when the rights to receive cash flows related to them have expired or
been transferred and the Company has substantially transferred the risks and rewards of ownership. Likewise, financial
assets are derecognised in circumstances where the Company retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows
from them only when contractual obligations that determine payment of said flows to one or more recipients have been
assumed and the following requirements are met:
• Payment of the cash flows depends on their having been received previously:
• The Company cannot sell or pledge the financial asset; and
• The cash flows received on behalf of the final recipients are remitted without significant delay and the Company is
not able to reinvest the cash flows. An exception is made for investments in cash or cash equivalents made by the
Company during the settlement period, running from the date on which the cash flows are received and the
remiitance date agreed with the final recipients, provided that any interest accrued is attributed to the final recipients.
Derecognition of a financial asset in full implies the recognition of a gain or loss for the difference between its carrying
amount and the total consideration received, net of transaction costs, including any assets acquired or liabilities assumed
and any loss or gain deferred in other comprehensive income.
3.5 Financial derivatives and hedge accounting
Financial derivatives are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value. The method for
recognising any resulting losses or gains depends on whether the derivative has been designated as a hedge and,
where appropriate, the type of hedge.
Fair value hedges
The changes in the fair values of the derivatives and are designated and eligible as fair value hedges are recognised in
profit and loss, together with any change in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the risk
hedged.
3.6 Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost or net realisable value. When the net realisable value of the inventories is
lower than their cost, the applicable value adjustments will be made, recognising them as an expense in profit and loss. If
the circumstances that cause the value adjustment cease to exist, the amount of the adjustment is reversed and
recognised as income in profit and loss.
Cost is determined using the weighted average cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises
design, raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating
capacity). Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated selling
costs and, in the case of raw materials and work in progress, the costs estimated necessary to complete their production.
3.7 Equity
Share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
The costs of issuing new shares or options are shown directly in equity as a reduction in reserves.
13