LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
The physical risks arise from the increase in extremes of weather (acute) or long-term effects due to changes in climate patterns
(chronic), while the transition risks arise directly or indirectly from the process of adapting to a lower-carbon economy which is
more sustainable from an environmental point of view. In this respect, the risks described below were identified as material:
Physical climate risks
• Equipment failure arising from periods of temperature extremes (acute physical risk).
• Water stress at the Granada and Escúzar plants (chronic physical risk).
With regard to potential equipment failures, in order to increase the Group’s operational resilience in future events related to
heat extremes, ROVI drew up an adaptation plan which identified all the equipment and installations whose operations could be
affected if the temperature rose above 42.3ºC at the Madrid plants or 43.5ºC at the Granada plants. For each piece of
equipment or installation, a set of specific prevention and/or adaptation measures were proposed, which are currently being
taken into consideration.
In addition to operational resilience, ROVI has considered its strategic resilience (planning and financial resources) in the event
of possible climate change-related changes, events or uncertainties. In this respect, the contract manufacturing agreements with
strategic customers and the opening of the Group’s new Escúzar plant in 2023 for the manufacture of the active ingredient of
heparins require ROVI to anticipate the climate-related risks identified and to make monetary investments in assets that enable
it to be resilient.
Regarding water-stress risk, the result of the analysis indicates that the plants located in Granada and Escúzar could see a
decrease in their production capacity due to potential cuts in the water supply. Therefore, the engineering teams at both these
plants have developed an adaptation plan with the objective of implementing the actions during 2025. This plan encompasses a
number of measures, which include the possibility of increasing the water storage volume, as well as the water reduction targets
established for the Granada and Escúzar complexes: reductions of 1.5% and 2.5%, respectively.
Climate-related transition risks
The assessment of climate-related transition risks analyses how the transition towards a low-carbon, resilient economy could
affect the macroeconomic trends linked to the Group, its consumption and its energy mix, as well as its technology deployment.
Notwithstanding, in the case of ROVI, the only potentially significant risk, an increase in the cost of CO emissions, was not
2
found to be material in the scenarios and time horizons considered (short, medium and long term). Therefore, no mitigation plan
was developed.
General Business Continuity Plan
In addition, in order to reinforce the Group’s resilience in both operational and strategic terms, in 2024, ROVI approved a
General Business Continuity Plan. As mentioned previously, a key element of this Plan was a business continuity risk
assessment, in order to identify and assess any possible threats or vulnerabilities that could jeopardise ROVI’s operations. This
study allowed a series of inherent risks to be identified that could have a significant impact on ROVI’s capacity to guarantee the
continuity of its activities, processes or services in the event of disruptive events arising from the natural, industrial, human,
technological or supplier-related threats identified.
Regarding climate change-related threats, the following may be highlighted: torrential rains, blizzards, heatwaves, power cuts
and flooding, among others. When assessing these risks, priority was placed upon those that represent the greatest threats to
the continuity of ROVI’s business and safeguards were proposed to verify and/or assess the inherent risks identified with
results: very serious, serious, high, moderate and, in some cases, minor, ruling out insignificant results.
The result of this risk assessment is allowing ROVI to identify key areas for improvement of the four assets evaluated that
sustain the processes (locations, human resources, technologies and suppliers), as well as the capacity to swiftly recover from
unexpected interruptions. Likewise, the assessment covers the entire value chain, since it takes account of suppliers (upstream)
and business continuity (which has an impact on both the Group’s own operations and downstream).
64