Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
If there is objective evidence that the carrying amount is not recoverable, the applicable value adjustments will be
made for the difference between the carrying amount and the recoverable amount, defined as the higher of the
fair value less sale costs and the present value of the cash flows derived from the investment. Unless there is
other evidence of the recoverable amount, when estimating the impairment of these investments, the equity of the
investee adjusted by any tacit capital gains that may exist at the measurement date, will be used. The value
adjustment and, if applicable, the reversal thereof, will be recognised in profit and loss in the period in which it
takes place.
d) Available-for-sale financial assets: This category includes securities representing debt and equity instruments not
classified in any of the preceding categories. They are included in non-current assets unless Management intends
to dispose of the investment within the 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
They are measured at fair value, recognising any changes that take place directly in the equity until the asset is
disposed of or impaired, when the losses and gains accumulated in the equity are taken to profit and loss,
provided it is possible to determine the aforementioned fair value. Otherwise, they are recognised at cost less
impairment losses.
For available-for-sale financial assets, value adjustments are made if there is objective evidence that they have
been impaired as the result of a reduction or delay in the estimated future cash flows in the case of debt
instruments acquired or the non-recoverability of the carrying amount of the asset in the case of investments in
equity instruments. The value adjustment is the difference between the cost or amortised cost less, if applicable,
any value adjustment previously recognised in profit and loss, and the fair value at the time the measurement is
made. In the case of equity instruments measured at cost because it is not possible to determine their fair value,
the value adjustment is determined in the same way as for investments in the equity of group, multi-group and
associated companies.
If there is objective evidence of impairment, the Company recognises the accumulated losses from a decrease in
the fair value which were previously recognised in the equity in profit and loss. Impairment losses on equity
instruments recognised in profit and loss are not reversed through profit and loss.
The fair values of listed investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not
active (and for unlisted securities), the Company fixes a fair value using measurement techniques that include the
use of recent transactions between interested and duly-informed parties, references to other instruments that are
substantially the same, methods employing the discount of estimated future cash flows and option price-fixing
methods, making maximum use of data observable in the market and placing as little confidence as possible in
the Company’s subjective considerations.
Financial assets are derecognised in the statement of financial position when all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the asset are substantially transferred. In the specific case of receivables, this is deemed to take
place, in general, when the risks of default and delinquency are transferred.
b) Derecognition of financial assets
The Company applies the criteria of derecognising financial assets to part of a financial asset or to part of group of
similar financial assets or to a financial asset or to a group of similar financial assets.
12