Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
2.16. Trade payables
Trade payables are payment obligations for goods or services acquired from suppliers in the ordinary course of business.
The payables are classified as current liabilities if they mature at one year or less (or if they mature within a normal
operating cycle, if longer). Otherwise, they are shown as non-current liabilities.
Trade payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method.
2.17. Financial debt
Financial debt is recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs incurred. Subsequently, financial debt is
measured at amortised cost, any difference between the funds obtained (less the costs necessary to obtain them) and
the repayment value being recognised in profit and loss over the period of the borrowings in accordance with the
effective interest rate method.
Financial debt is classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
Commissions paid for obtaining a credit line are recognised as debt transaction costs, provided that it is likely that part or
all of the line will be drawn down. In this case, the commissions are deferred until the line is drawn down. To the extent
that it is unlikely that all or part of the credit line will be drawn down, the commission will be capitalised as an advance
payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period for which the credit is available.
2.18. Current and deferred taxes
The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit and loss, except to the
extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
Current income tax expense is calculated on the basis of the laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
reporting period in the countries in which the Group operates and in which taxable income is generated. Management
regularly assesses the positions adopted in the tax returns in relation to situations where the applicable tax regulations
are subject to interpretation and, if necessary, sets up provisions in accordance with the amounts it is expected to pay to
the tax authorities.
Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
their carrying amounts in the Consolidated Annual Accounts. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it
arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of
the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end
of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred
income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
22