LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
First, ROVI identified the positive and negative impacts and, once an exhaustive list had been obtained, the risks and
opportunities resulting from the impacts detected initially were identified when relevant.
When all the impacts, risks and opportunities had been identified, listed and classified, with their respective topical ESRS
and sub-(sub-)topics, meetings were held with the representatives of each of the areas involved (15 area managers of ROVI)
to validate the initial list proposed by ROVI’s ESG area and detect any possible additional IROs.
c) Assessment phase
The objective of the assessment phase is to determine which matters are material for the Group, establishing a mechanism
to assess the impacts, risks and opportunities. To carry out the assessment, the assessment scales that are shown on
ROVI’s corporate risk maps were used, in order to align the materiality assessment with the Company’s internal processes
and the assessment procedure established by the ESRS.
ROVI has maintained the formula recommended by the ESRS, which is severity multiplied by likelihood for impact materiality
and financial effect multiplied by likelihood for financial materiality.
Additionally, ROVI has taken into consideration the recommendations of the OECD Guidelines and the United Nations
Guiding Principles on human rights-related matters, which say that, when the severity of a negative impact is greater than
the likelihood of its occurrence, the severity will prevail over the likelihood. After analysing the results, a total of 11 impacts
associated to human rights-related topics were identified, 5 of which were negative. In this respect, ROVI has used a formula
of prevalence of severity and found that 4 (of the 5 negative impacts) were material. Notwithstanding, ROVI has undertaken
to monitor the 5 negative impacts, which are included in the Human Rights Policy developed by the Company.
Impact assessment
When assessing the impacts, four variables are taken into account: magnitude, scope, irremediable character of the impact,
which, together, form the concept of severity, and likelihood. Likewise, impact assessments differ depending on whether they
are positive or negative, actual or potential.
• Magnitude: refers to the intensity or size of the impact on the environment or society and is measured on a scale of 1 to
5, where 1 is a minor impact and 5 is a very severe impact.
• Scope: refers to the extent or repercussion of the impacts, be it negative or positive. For environmental impacts, scope
may refer to the extent of the damage or a specific geographical perimeter. For social impacts, it may imply the number
of persons affected positively or negatively. Scope is measured on a scale of 1 to 5, where 1 is the minimum scope and
5 is global scope.
• Irremediable character of the impact: refers to the ease or difficulty in remediating a negative impact and the extent to
which the environment can be restored or the previous situation of the people affected re-established. It is measured
from 1 to 5, where 1 indicates a minimal need for remediation and 5 indicates the maximum difficulty of remediation.
• Likelihood: refers to the probability that an impact will materialise and is measured on a scale of 1 to 5, where 1 is
unlikely and 5 is certain.
31