Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
said clock stop was to have sufficient time to repeat the bioavailability study comparing multiple doses of Okedi® with oral
risperidone from EU source, in response to the major observation of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
(CHMP), which states that the study must be performed using the European reference product. The original Okedi® dossier
already included a clinical bioavailability trial using the oral risperidone drug marketed in the United States (USA).
Thereafter, at the planned date, ROVI submitted the required answers and additional clinical data to the CHMP. On 16
December 2021, the CHMP adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorisation for the
medicinal product Okedi®. Finally, on 15 February 2022, the European Commission authorized the marketing of Okedi®
(Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults for whom tolerability and effectiveness has been
established with oral risperidone, and it could be launched in Europe in the second quarter of 2022.
Likewise, at its Capital Markets Day held on 24 November 2020, ROVI announced the filing of an NDA (New Drug
Application), i.e. a registration dossier to obtain marketing authorisation in the USA, with the FDA (Food and Drug
Administration). ROVI was informed of the delay in the decision on the granting of marketing authorisation for Risvan®
(Risperidone ISM®) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). The FDA will be taking a number of actions,
including an in-situ inspection of the European production plant where the product is manufactured, located in Madrid
(Spain). The grant of the marketing authorisation for Risvan® by the FDA is subject to the result of this inspection.
Furthermore, on 24 September 2021, ROVI received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA with outstanding questions
on the Risvan® dossier. The Company has already answered them since, in its letter, the FDA recognises that it did not
review some of the responses submitted during the evaluation process. ROVI expects its responses to clarify the
outstanding questions. In the Complete Response Letter, the FDA states that, due to the exceptional situation caused by
the pandemic which has prevented the inspection from taking place within the term defined in the Filing Communication
Letter, all the responses to outstanding questions will be evaluated in accordance with the timeline described in the “2020
Guidance for Industry Review Timelines for Applicant Reponses to Complete Response Letters When a Facility
Assessment Is Needed During the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency”, with an estimated review time of 6 months as of
the submission of the responses to the questions raised in the Complete Response Letter.
As previously informed, the Risperidone ISM® dossier is mainly supported by the pivotal clinical trial “PRISMA-3”5 whose
results were published in November of 2020 in the medical journal npj Schizophrenia6. The PRISMA-3 study demonstrated
that Risperidone ISM® provides rapid and progressive reduction of symptoms in patients with acutely exacerbated
schizophrenia without need of oral risperidone supplementation or loading doses2.
The company also announced in July 2019 the completion of an open-label extension (12 additional months) of the
PRISMA-3 study7, which is also included in the Risperidone ISM® dossier and further supports the long-term use of
Risperidone ISM®. The results of this part of the PRISMA-3 study have been recently published in the medical journal
Schizophrenia Research. In this article the authors conclude that Risperidone ISM® is an effective, safe, and well-tolerated
long-term treatment of schizophrenia in adults, regardless of the initial disease severity or whether patients were previously
treated with Risperidone ISM® during an acute exacerbation or switched from stable doses of oral risperidone8.
Besides, several communications were presented at two international congresses, providing further clinical data of
Risperidone ISM®:
• 8th European Conference on Schizophrenia Research (ECSR) held on 23-25 September 20219:
− Robert E. Litman, et al. Personal And Social Functioning In Patients With Schizophrenia Treated With Once-
Monthly Risperidone ISM® [oral presentation #O-06-003].
5 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Risperidone In Situ Microparticles® (ISM®) in Patients With Acute Schizophrenia (PRISMA-
3). Clinicaltrials.gov#NCT03160521 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT03160521]. This clinical program has had the support of the
Industrial Technological Development Centre (“CDTI”).
6 Correll CU, Litman RE, Filts Y, et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute
exacerbation. NPJ Schizophr. 2020;6(1):37. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y.
7 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Risperidone ISM® in Patients With Acute Schizophrenia: Open Label Extension (PRISMA-
3_OLE). Clinicaltrials.gov# NCT03870880 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03870880]. This clinical program has had the support of
the Industrial Technological Development Centre (“CDTI”).
8 Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in the
treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a 12-month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2022;239:83-91.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.schres.2021.11.030.
9 8th European Conference on Schizophrenia Research. Virtual meeting, 23-25 September 2021.
[https://www.schizophrenianet.eu/portal/start.html].
13