Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
2.24. Health Tax
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by the Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January, 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in
Spain engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are officially prescribed in Spanish territory on
official National Health Service prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are
calculated on a scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48, subsequently amended by Additional
Provision 6 of Law 29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Group
records the accrued health tax as a sales discount when the sale is made. There is a provision for the estimated amount
accrued but unpaid and the possible adjustment of the tax to the actual sales for the period.
During 2010, the Spanish government approved a reduction of the pharmaceutical expenditure of 2,800 million euros
through the introduction of two packages of pricing legislation. The first one was approved in March 2010 and was
focused on generic products. With regard to these products, which are those out of patent, the reduction was 25% on
average applied to the selling price to laboratories. The second package, which was approved in May 2010 and applied
from June 2010, was addressed to pharmaceutical products under patent. A discount of 7.5% is applied to the selling
price to the public for these products. The Group has recognised the amounts relating to these measures as a decrease
in sales.
Additionally, in 2016, a co-operation agreement was signed between Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical
industry association, and the Spanish government. This agreement was renewed in December 2017. ROVI, as a
member of Farmaindustria, is subject to this agreement. According to the agreement, in the event that public spending
on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilars) exceeds the actual growth rate of the GDP of the Spanish economy,
the pharmaceutical industry must reimburse the government for said excess in cash. The Group recognises the amounts
related to this item as a decrease in sales.
3. Financial risk management
3.1. Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange
risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of
the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the group Treasury Department following policies approved by the Board of Directors.
Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units.
The Audit Committee analyses written principles for global risk management, as well as written policies covering specific
areas, such as, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess liquidity.
26