Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
To calculate the provision, the Group must estimate the sales placed on the market in the year through official
prescriptions that are subject to Law 29/2006, to which it will apply the coefficients established in said law. To estimate
the sales, the sales history comparing the Company’s total sales with the National Health System sales considered will
be taken as a basis and this corrective factor will be applied to the sales of said products in the period under
consideration.
In 2010, the government approved two packages of measures to reduce pharmaceutical spending. The first one focused
on generic products, which are those out of patent, for which it established an average reduction of 25% in the selling
price to laboratories. The second package addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. Since that time, a 7.5%
discount has been applied to the selling price to the public. The Group recognises the amounts relating to these
measures as a decrease in sales.
From 2017 onwards, the Spanish government and the members of Farmaindustria, to which ROVI belongs, signed
different agreements whereby the members assumed a commitment to make certain contributions to the public health
system. The Company recognised the amounts accrued for these commitments as a reduction in sales. No additional
agreement has been signed since the last agreement ended in 2019.
4. Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s global risk management programme focuses on the
unpredictability of the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial
performance.
Risk management is carried out by the Company’s Treasury Department, which, following policies approved by the Board
of Directors, identifies, assesses and hedges financial risks. This Department identifies, assesses and hedges the
financial risks in close co-operation with the Company’s operating units. The Audit Committee analyses policies for global
risk management, as well as for specific areas such as interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess
liquidity.
a) Market risk
(i) Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is low as (i) virtually all the Company’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) the majority of the
transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies other
than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of exchange-rate risk. At 31 December 2024
and 2023, the Company did not hold any instruments of this type.
At 31 December 2024, the Company held assets of 290 thousand zlotys (710 zlotys at 31 December 2023). If the
exchange rate at the reporting date had been 10% higher, the value of these assets denominated in zlotys would have
decreased by 6 thousand euros (15 thousand euros in 2023) and, if the exchange rate had been 10% lower, their value
would have increased by 8 thousand euros (18 thousand euros in 2023).
(ii) Price risk
In 2023, the Company was exposed to price risk on on equity securities because of investments classified in the
statement of financial position as held at fair value through equity. These investments were sold in said year and,
consequently, the Company did not hold any securities of this kind at the 2024 and 2023 reporting dates.
The Company is not exposed to commodity price risk. To manage its price risk arising from investments in equity
securities, the Company diversifies its portfolio in accordance with the limits set. The Company does not use derivatives
to hedge price risk.
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
The Company is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on long-term borrowing transactions at variable
rates. The Company’s policy is to endeavour to obtain a large part of its financial debt from government entities through
reimbursable advances, on which there is no interest rate risk. In the case of bank borrowings, it tries to obtain the cash
flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping interest rate risk to a minimum.
18