Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
At 31 December, 2017 and 2016, a change in the quoted price of equity securities would have had no effect on the
Company’s statement of financial position.
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
The Company is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on long-term borrowing transactions at variable
rates. The Company’s policy is to endeavour to obtain a large part of its financial debt from government entities through
reimbursable advances, on which there is no interest rate risk. In the case of bank borrowings, it tries to obtain the cash
flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping interest rate risk to a minimum.
Had interest rates on financial debt at variable rates been 1% higher or lower at 31 December, 2017, with all other
variables remaining constant, the gain/loss after taxes for the year would have decreased or increased by 33 thousand
euros, respectively, owing to the difference in interest expense on loans at variable rates (49 thousand euros at 31
December, 2016).
b) Credit risk
Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and
financial institutions, receivables classified as available for sale and trade receivables.
The banks and financial institutions with which the Company works generally have independent ratings.
If customers have been independently rated, such ratings are used. If this is not the case, then the Company assesses
the risk on the basis of the customer’s financial position, historical experience and a series of other factors. In those
cases in which there is no doubt as to the customer’s financial solvency, the Company elects not to set credit limits.
At 31 December, 2017, the greatest investment in financial assets, apart from trade receivables, is related to Banco
Santander, 18,596 thousand euros (15,625 thousand euros at 31 December, 2016). A significant proportion of trade and
other receivables relates to accounts receivable from government entities, on which, in view of their nature, with the
information currently available, Management considers that there is no credit risk.
In the reporting periods for which information is presented, credit limits were not exceeded and Management does not
expect losses due to default by any of the aforementioned counterparties.
c) Liquidity risk
Management monitors the liquidity estimates of the Company in accordance with the expected cash flows. ROVI
maintains sufficient cash and marketable securities to meet its liquidity requirements. At 31 December, 2017, the
Company held a financing contract with the European Investment Bank whereby it could draw up to a maximum of 45
million euros in the following two years. At the end of the 2017 reporting period, ROVI had not drawn any amounts
against this credit line.
In 2017 and 2016, the Company signed two non-recourse factoring contracts, which led to an increase in the balance of
cash equivalents, while the receivables for which these contracts were requested were derecognized.
23