Free translation of the 2017 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2017 Management Report
d) Raw material price risk: ROVI is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied.
- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed by groups. The credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, long-term financial investments,
deposits held at call in banks and financial institutions and other receivables available for sale, as well as from
wholesalers and retailers, including accounts receivables and committed transactions. The Company monitors the
solvency of these assets by reviewing external credit ratings and qualifying internally assets which are not externally
rated.
It should be mentioned here that despite this management work, the Regional Government continue to be extremely
slow in making payments for pharmaceutical supplies, to the detriment of companies operating in this sector. Despite
this, the Company’s financial position is sound and its liquidity unaffected.
- Liquidity risk
Management monitors the liquidity estimates of the Company according to the expected cash flows; therefore, the Group
always has sufficient cash and trade securities to confront its liquidity requirements.
12. Stock market capitalization
On the December 5th 2007, ROVI carried out an Initial Public Offering (IPO) of shares initially intended for qualified
investors in Spain and to qualified institutional investors abroad. The face value of the operation, without including the
shares corresponding to the green shoe purchase option, was 17,389,350 shares already issued and in circulation with a
nominal value of 0.06 euros per share, giving a total nominal amount of 1,043,361 euros. The offering price for the
operation was 9.60 euros per share.
The following graph shows the fluctuations of the share price in the stock market in 2017:
9