ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
b) When they are affected by any of the causes of incompatibility or prohibition provided for by law.
c) When they receive a serious reprimand from the Board of Directors because they have not complied with their obligations as directors.
d) When they lose the professional good repute necessary to be a director of the Company, or the reasons for which they were appointed no longer exist (e.g.
when a proprietary director disposes of their interest in the Company.)
e) In the case of independent directors, they may not hold this status for a continuous period of more than 12 years and, therefore, after said term, they must
offer their resignation to the Board of Directors and resign.
f) In the case of proprietary directors (i) when the shareholder whom they represent sells its entire shareholding; and, likewise (ii) the corresponding number of
directors must resign when said shareholder reduces its shareholding to a level that requires a reduction in the number of proprietary directors.
In addition, directors must report to the Company and, where applicable, resign when situations affecting them, which may or may not be related to their conduct in
the Company, could damage the Company’s standing and reputation, in particular, criminal cases when they are under investigation and procedural difficulties.
C.1.20 Are qualified majorities other than those established by law required for any specific decision?
[ ] Yes
[ √ ] No
If so, please describe the differences.
C.1.21 Explain whether there are any specific requirements, other than those relating to directors, to be
appointed as chairman of the board of directors:
[ ] Yes
[ √ ] No
C.1.22 State whether the bylaws or the board rules establish any limit as to the age of directors:
[ ] Yes
[ √ ] No
The Policy on the composition of the Board envisages that the directors should not, in general, be aged over 80.
C.1.23 State whether the bylaws or the board rules establish any term limits for independent directors other
than those required by law:
[ ] Yes
[ √ ] No
C.1.24 State whether the bylaws or board rules establish specific proxy rules for votes at board meetings in
favour of other board members the procedure for doing so and, in particular, the maximum number of
proxies a director may hold, as well as whether any restriction has been established as regards the
categories of director that may be appointed as proxies, beyond the limits imposed by law. If so, please
briefly describe the rules.
According to article 16 of the Regulations of the Board, when directors cannot attend Board meeting in person, they will grant written proxy
to another Board member specifically for each meeting, including the appropriate instructions and notifying the Board Chairman accordingly.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, non-executive directors may only grant proxy to another non-executive director.
C.1.25 State the number of meetings held by the board of Directors during the year, and if applicable, the
number of times the board met without the chairman present. Meetings where the chairman sent
specific proxy instructions are to be counted as attended.
Number of Board meetings 9
Number of Board meetings without the
0
chairman
State the number of meetings held by the coordinating director with the other directors, where there
was neither attendance nor representation of any executive director:
23 / 65