Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
Juan López-Belmonte López, as Board of Directors Chairman of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (ROVIi) issues
the following management report in accordance with Article 262, 148 d) and 526 of the Spanish Capital Company Act
(“Ley de Sociedades de Capital”), 61 bis of the Securities Market Law and 49 of the Code of Commerce.
1.- CORPORATE PROFILE AND BUSINESS MODEL
ROVI is a fully-integrated specialized Spanish pharmaceutical company engaged in the research and development,
contract manufacturing and the marketing of small molecules and biological specialties. The company has three principal
growth pillars:
- Pharmaceutical products, with a diversified portfolio of both its own and licensed innovative products, protected
by patents.
- Contract manufacturing of prefilled syringes and oral forms.
- A sound, low-risk R&D policy.
The growth of these pillars provides ROVI with a defensive profile that has allowed it to increase profits over recent
years, in spite of the difficult environment that exists in the sector, hampered by the cuts in public pharmaceutical
spending.
ROVI enjoys a series of competitive advantages that have allowed it to position itself as one of the principal leaders in its
market niche, in a sector which, moreover, has high entry barriers.
- Unique knowledge of low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWH)
- Infrastructure with operating advantages
- Diversified portfolio protected by patents
- Low-risk innovation
- International expansion
All the companies that form the ROVI Group are aware of the health improvements their products provide and would like
to meet certain social demands in relation to the impact of their activities on society and the environment. Therefore,
ROVI’s economic development must be compatible with its conduct in relation to ethics, society, the workplace, the
environment and respect for human rights.
Awareness of these values, which express the Group’s commitment in relation to business ethics and corporate
responsibility, making them known to others and implementing them provide guidance for the actions of ROVI’s Board of
Directors and other governing bodies in their relations with stakeholders. For this purpose, the Group has support tools
the objectives of which are to:
- Favour attainment of the Group’s strategic objectives.
- Improve the Group’s competitiveness by implementing management practices based on innovation, equal
opportunities, productivity, profitability and sustainability.
- Manage risks and opportunities derived from the changing environment responsibly, maximizing the positive
impacts of the Group’s activities in the different territories where it operates and minimizing any adverse
impacts as far as possible.
1