Free translation of the 2017 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2017 Management Report
3.3 Analysis of contractual obligations and items off the statement of financial position
In the ordinary course of activities, in order to manage its own transactions and financing, the Group has carried out
certain transactions that are not included on the statement of financial position, such as operating leases. The Group’s
objective is to optimize the financing costs that are involved in determined financial transactions and, therefore, on
certain occasions, has chosen operating leases rather than the acquisition of assets. The minimum future payments to
be made for non-cancellable operating leases at 31 December, 2017 were 1,545 thousand euros (920 thousand euros at
31 December, 2016), of which 1,007 thousand euros are related to maturities at less than one year (920 thousand euros
at less than one year at 31 December, 2016).
4. Key operating and financial events
4.1 ROVI and the EIB agree to sign a loan to boost research into drug administration and prolonged-release technologies
On 21st of December 2017, the market was informed by publication of a relevant fact (number 259847) that the European
Investment Bank (EIB) granted ROVI a loan to support its investments in Research, Development and Innovation
(R&D&i), which concentrate on technologies for the administration and prolonged release of drugs, including preclinical
and clinical trials, that allow the development of future treatments for cancer and central nervous system diseases.
The loan is for 45,000,000 euros. ROVI may draw down this amount during a period of 24 months as from signature of
the contract and the loan will mature in 2029. The loan provides for a three-year grace period and financial conditions
(i.e. applicable interest rates, repayment periods, etc.) favourable to ROVI.
For the Company, the EIB loan represents an additional financing channel for its R&D&i projects, for which it likewise
uses significant amounts of its own equity.
In the year 2016, ROVI’s R&D&i expenditure was 17.5 million euros, 6% up on the preceding year. Likewise, the
Company expects average R&D&i expenditure in the period 2017-2019 to be approximately 32 million euros per year.
This financing operation is supported by the European Union under the European Fund for Strategic Investments (EFSI),
within the framework of what is known as the “Juncker Plan”.
The research activities associated to this agreement reinforce ROVI’s innovation capacity and help the company to
maintain a competitive edge and expand its international presence.
4.2 ROVI has commenced the marketing of the Enoxaparin biosimilar in Germany
On 7th of March 2017, the market was informed by publication of a relevant fact (number 249265) that the decentralised
procedure used for the Company to submit, in twenty-six countries of the European Union, the marketing authorization
application of a low molecular weight heparin (Enoxaparin biosimilar) was completed with positive outcome.
In the mentioned decentralised procedure, Germany has acted as Reference Member State (RMS). The national phase
of the registration process, which is expected to be completed with the granting by the competent local authorities of the
marketing authorisation in each concerned country, was initiated in the first quarter 2017, and it continued during the rest
of the year.
4