Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
2. GENERAL INFORMATION
2.1.- Group’s business model (business environment and organisation)
The Company is the parent company of a leading pan-European pharmaceutical group (“ROVI” or the “Group”) company
engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of small molecules and biological specialties. It has
four principal pillars of growth:
o Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) division. In 2019 this division represents 47% of group sales. ROVI
has two proprietary research products: bemiparin Hibor® and an enoxaparin biosimilar.
- Hibor® (bemiparin). Low-molecular-weight heparin (fast-acting anticoagulant) used to prevent and
treat venous thromboembolic disease.
- Biosimilar of EnoxaparinaBecat®. This is an anti-coagulant drug belonging to the leading low-
molecular weight heparin group worldwide, which was first marketed in 2017. It is used to prevent
deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolia.
o Other pharmaceutical specialties division: with a diversified portfolio of innovative products, both of its own
and licensed, protected by patents. The company has more than 40 products on its portfolio (including both
its own and licensed products) for which there is growing demand and which are not affected by the
reference pricing system in Spain. They cover nine therapeutic areas and are indicated for both the
treatment of a number of complaints and diagnosis. The most important products in terms of their
contribution to the Group’s EBITDA are:
- Neparvis® (sacubitril/valsartan). This product is indicated in adult patients for treatment of
symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection (the proportion of blood leaving the heart)
fraction. The product is marketed by ROVI under a licence from Novartis.
- Absorcol®, Vytorin® and Orvatez® (ezetimibe) / (ezetimibe and simvastatin) /(ezetimibe y
atorvastatin). Adjunctive therapy to diet in patients with hypercholesterolemia. These products are
distributed by ROVI under a co-marketing agreement with MSD.
- Hirobriz® Breezhaler® and Ulunar® Breezhaler® (indacaterol maleate) / (indacaterol maleate and
glycopyrronium bromide). Long-acting bronchodilators indicated for the maintenance treatment of
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases (COPD). These products are marketed by ROVI under
licence from Novartis.
- Volutsa® (solifenacin succinate and tamsulosin hydrochloride). Indicated for the treatment of
moderate to severe storage systems symptoms (urgency, increased micturition frequency) and
voiding symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men who are not
responding adequately to monotherapy treatment. This product is marketed by ROVI under
licence from Astellas Pharma.
- Medikinet® and Medicebrán® (methylphenidate hydrochloride with modified release /
methylphenidate hydrochloride with immediate release). Prescription medicines that are indicated
for treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents. These
products belong to the company Medice.
2