Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
The nature of investment in joint ventures at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was as follows:
Country of Nature of Measurement
Name incorporation % interest relationship method
Enervit Nutrition, S.L. (1) Spain 50% a) Company sold
Cells IA Technologies, S.L. (2) Spain 26% b) Equity
Terafront Farmatech, S.L. (3) Spain 25.5% c) Equity
(1) Company sold in 2023.
(2) Interest acquired in 2023.
(3) Company incorporated in 2024.
a) Enervit Nutrition, S.L.
In the first half of 2016, ROVI contributed assets consisting of the distribution rights of the EnerZona products in Spain and the
know-how related to the promotion, distribution and sale of these products to a newly-created subsidiary (Enervit Nutrition, S.L.),
which was the vehicle responsible for promoting these products. Said company was incorporated in January 2016 with an initial
share capital of 3 thousand euros, 100%-held by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. It was incorporated with the intention of
marketing the EnerZona products, for which ROVI held exclusive marketing rights in Spain, and exploring and, if applicable,
developing, new market possibilities for dietetic and food supplements. The company’s corporate purpose was the purchase,
manufacturing, storage and marketing of sports-related nutritional food products and intermediary services in the sale thereof.
ROVI and Enervit S.p.A. agreed to create a joint venture between them to carry the project out. To do this, under certain
agreements, Enervit Nutrition, S.L, instead of being 100%-owned by ROVI, became a joint venture under joint control with
Enervit, S.p.A. The agreements were signed in March, 2016.
In July 2018, Enervit S.p.A. exercised a call option it held on 1% of the shares of Enervit Nutrition, S.L. With this sale, ROVI’s
percentage interest in Enervit Nutrition, S.L. dropped from 51% to 50%.
On 6 November 2023, the Group sold the shares it held in Enervit Nutrition, S.L. This meant that the company left the
consolidated group and an amount of 2,101 thousand euros was derecognised in interests in joint ventures, with a negative
effect of 301 euros on the profit for the year ended 31 December 2023.
b) Cells IA Technologies, S.L.
On 24 July 2023, the Group acquired 26% of the shares in the company Cells IA Technologies, S.L. through the company
Gineladius, S.L.U., including it in the consolidated group using the equity method. The interest was acquired by contributing
capital and share premium for an amount of 600 thousand euros to the company. The corporate purpose of this company is
computer system maintenance and software design and development, including all the previous phases, in particular in relation
to medical activity.
c) Terafront Farmatech, S.L.
On 13 March 2024, the Group incorporated this company together with Innvierte Economía Sostenible, SICC S.M.E., S.A. (a
company controlled by the Spanish public authorities through the Technical Development and Innovation Centre -CDTI-) and
Insud Pharma, S.L. Its corporate purpose is specialty pharmaceutical manufacturing. The Group holds 25.5% of the shares
through Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and the company is consolidated in ROVI’s financial statements by the equity
method. The investment was made through a fully paid-up capital contribution of 255 thousand euros and a shareholder
contribution of 18,835 thousand euros, which was paid up in December 2024 after certain milestones established in the
Strategic Plan had been met, as agreed in the Shareholders’ Agreement signed on 13 March 2024.
33