ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
C.2.2 Complete the following table with information regarding the number of female directors who were
members of board committees at the close of the past four years:
Number of female directors
Year 2020 Year 2019 Year 2018 Year 2017
No. % No. % No. % No. %
Audit
1 33.33 1 33.3 0 0.00 0 0.00
Committee
3
Appointments &
Remuneration 1 33.33 1 33.3 0 0.00 0 0.00
Committee 3
C.2.3 State, where applicable, the existence of any regulations governing board committees, where these
regulations may be found, and any amendments made to them during the year. Also state whether
any annual reports on the activities of each committee have been voluntarily prepared.
Committee name
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Brief description
The rules of organisation and operation of the Audit Committee are set out in the Corporate Bylaws and the Regulations of the Board of
Directors, which may be consulted on the Company’s website (www.rovi.es). Furthermore, since November 2017, the Company has
Regulations of the Audit Committee in accordance with the provisions of the CNMV’s Technical Guide 3/2017, which may also be consulted
on the Company’s website. The Regulations were amended on 3 December 2020 by unanimous agreement of the Board of Directors in
order to adapt them to the new working of the recommendation introduced by the CNMV to the Good Governance Code for Listed
Companies following the review in June 2020.
Moreover, the Audit Committee prepares an annual report (which is made available to shareholders on the Company’s website when notice
of the General Meeting is given), which highlights the main activities and incidents, if any, that have taken place during the year in relation
to its sphere of competence. Likewise, when the Audit Committee sees fit, said report will include proposals to improve the Company’s
governance rules.
Committee name
APPOINTMENTS AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Brief description
The rules of organisation and operation of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee are set out in the Corporate Bylaws and the
Regulations of the Board of Directors, which may be consulted on the Company’s website (www.rovi.es). Furthermore, since November
2019, the Company has Regulations of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee in accordance with the provisions of the CNMV’s
Technical Guide 1/2019, which may also be consulted on the Company’s website. The Regulations were amended on 3 December 2020
by unanimous agreement of the Board of Directors in order to adapt them to the new working of the recommendation introduced by the
CNMV to the Good Governance Code for Listed Companies following the review in June 2020.
The Appointments and Remuneration Committee prepares an annual report (which is made available to shareholders on the Company’s
website when notice of the General Meeting is given), which highlights the main activities and incidents, if any, that have taken place
during the year within its sphere of competence. Likewise, when the Committee sees fit, said report will include proposals to improve the
Company’s governance rules.
32 / 65