ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
13. That the board of directors is of an adequate size to perform its duties effectively and collegially, and
that its optimum size is between five and fifteen members.
Complies [ X ] Explanation [ ]
14. The board of directors should approve a policy aimed at promoting an appropriate composition of the board that:
a) is concrete and verifiable;
b) ensures that appointment or re-election proposals are based on a prior analysis of the competences
required by the board; and
c) favours diversity of knowledge, experience, age and gender. Therefore, measures that encourage the
company to have a significant number of female senior managers are considered to favour gender
diversity.
The results of the prior analysis of competences required by the board should be written up in the
nomination committee’s explanatory report, to be published when the general shareholders’ meeting is
convened that will ratify the appointment and re-election of each director.
The nomination committee should run an annual check on compliance with this policy and set out its findings
in the annual corporate governance report.
Complies [ X ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ]
15. That proprietary and independent directors constitute a substantial majority of the board of directors and
that the number of executive directors is kept at a minimum, taking into account the complexity of the
corporate group and the percentage of equity participation of executive directors.
Further, the number of female directors should account for at least 40% of the members of the board of
directors before the end of 2022 and thereafter, and not less than 30% previous to that.
Complies [ ] Complies partially [ X ] Explanation [ ]
The Company complies with the recommendation to the extent that the number of directors is the minimum necessary, taking the percentage
interest held by the executive directors in the Company’s capital into account. Likewise, the external directors (four members, three of whom are
independent, while one is proprietary) hold the majority of the Board (7 members).
16. That the percentage of proprietary directors divided by the number of non- executive directors is no greater
than the proportion of the equity interest in the company represented by said proprietary directors and the
remaining share capital.
This criterion may be relaxed:
a) In companies with a high market capitalisation in which interests that are legally considered
significant are minimal.
51 / 65