Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
3.6 Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost or net realisable value. When the net realisable value of the inventories is
lower than their cost, the applicable value adjustments will be made, recognising them as an expense in profit and loss. If
the circumstances that cause the value adjustment cease to exist, the amount of the adjustment is reversed and
recognised as income in profit and loss.
Cost is determined using the weighted average cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises
design, raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating
capacity). Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated selling
costs and, in the case of raw materials and work in progress, the costs estimated necessary to complete their production.
3.7 Equity
Share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
The costs of issuing new shares or options are shown directly in equity as a reduction in reserves.
When treasury shares are purchased, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental cost is
deducted from the equity until the shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or
reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs, is included in equity.
3.8 Financial liabilities
a) Debits and payables
This category includes trade and non-trade debits. These debits are classified as current liabilities unless the Company
has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date.
These debts are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs directly incurred, and are subsequently stated at
amortised cost applying the effective interest rate method. This effective interest is the discount rate that makes the
carrying amount of the instrument equal to the expected flow of future payments forecast until maturity of the liability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, trade debits maturing at no more than one year that do not have a contractual interest
rate are measured, both initially and subsequently, at their face value when the effect of not discounting the cash flows is
not significant.
b) Financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss are those held for trading that are issued with the intention of
reacquiring them in the short term or those that form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments managed overall
to obtain short-term gains, together with financial liabilities that the Company designates to be included in this category
upon initial recognition because this provides more relevant information.
These financial liabilities are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value, recognising
any changes in profit and loss for the period.
14