Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
2. GENERAL INFORMATION
2.1. Group’s business model (business environment and organisation)
The Company is the head of a pan-European pharmaceutical specialty group that enjoys great stability and has three
diversified growth engines (the “Group”, “ROVI” or “ROVI Group”):
o Proprietary Division, which is a leader in the low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) field.
In 2020, this Division accounted for 50% of the Group’s total sales (47% in 2019).
ROVI has been engaged in the development of heparin-based drugs for more than 70 years and has a well-
positioned vertically-integrated structure, with its own LMWH manufacturing plant.
ROVI has two of its own research products:
- Hibor® (bemiparin). Low-molecular-weight heparin (fast-acting anticoagulant) used to prevent and
treat venous thromboembolic disease.
- Enoxaparin biosimilar Becat®. Enoxaparin is the main LMWH in the world. It is an anticoagulant
medicine that belong to the world-leading low-molecular-weight heparin group and was first
marketed by ROVI in 2017: It is used to prevent deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism.
o Pharmaceutical Specialties Division, the leader in Spain:
ROVI holds a sound leading position in the Spanish market and is a principal partner for licences among the
most important pharmaceutical companies worldwide.
The Company has a diversified portfolio of 18 products of its own and 18 licensed products, with a sales force
formed by approximately 250 highly-qualified people.
The most important products in terms of their contribution to the Group’s EBITDA are:
- Neparvis® (sacubitril/valsartan). This product is indicated in adult patients for treatment of
symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection (the proportion of blood leaving the heart)
fraction. The product is marketed by ROVI under a licence from Novartis.
- Absorcol®, Vytorin® and Orvatez® (ezetimibe) / (ezetimibe and simvastatin) /(ezetimibe y
atorvastatin). Adjunctive therapy to diet in patients with hypercholesterolemia. These products are
distributed by ROVI under a co-marketing agreement with MSD.
- Hirobriz® Breezhaler® and Ulunar® Breezhaler® (indacaterol maleate) / (indacaterol maleate and
glycopyrronium bromide). Long-acting bronchodilators indicated for the maintenance treatment of
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases (COPD). These products are marketed by ROVI under
licence from Novartis.
- Volutsa® (solifenacin succinate and tamsulosin hydrochloride). Indicated for the treatment of
moderate to severe storage systems symptoms (urgency, increased micturition frequency) and
voiding symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men who are not
responding adequately to monotherapy treatment. This product is marketed by ROVI under licence
from Astellas Pharma.
3