Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
significantly with Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85, with adjusted differences of -13.0 (17.3
to -8-8; p <0.0001) and -13.3 (-17.6 to -8.9; p<0.0001), respectively, in comparison with the placebo. Significantly improved
mean changes for the secondary endpoint, the CGI-S3 score, were also obtained for Risperidone ISM® in comparison with the
placebo, -0.7 (-1.0 to -0.5; p<0.0001), for both doses, from the beginning until day 85. The significant statistical improvement for
both efficacy results was observed as early as 8 days after the first injection. The most frequently reported treatment-emergent
adverse events were increased blood prolactin (7.8%), headaches (7.3%), hyperprolactinemia (5%) and weight increase (4.8%).
No important new or unexpected safety information was reported. Likewise, patients who successfully completed the double-
blind period were offered the opportunity to continue in a long-term, open-label 12-month extension phase with once every four
weeks injections of Risperidone ISM® (75 mg or 100 mg). New, clinically stable patients ("de novo" patients) were also able to
enter this open phase of the study. Long-term treatment was observed to be effective, safe and well tolerated in adult patients
with schizophrenia, regardless the initial severity of the disease or whether they had been treated previously with Risperidone
ISM® during an acute exacerbation or switched from stable doses of oral risperidone4. Likewise, Risperidone ISM® provided a
swift and sustained improvement in functioning (both social and personal) and health-related quality of life. These findings,
together with a quick onset of effectiveness, could help strengthen the therapeutic alliance and possibly lead to an earlier
hospital discharge. Furthermore, the patient’s functioning either continued to improve or remained stable with long-term
treatment5
Notwithstanding, as mentioned above, ROVI has decided not to market Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) in the United States after
assessing the uncertainties and opportunities associated to this launch. The main factors that contributed to this decision were:
• The prioritisation of the Company’s investments in the CDMO business and the clinical development of a new quarterly
formulation of Letrozole (Letrozole LEBE).
• The absence of a partner that furnishes the Company with the capacities and structure necessary to ensure adequate
continuous distribution of Risvan® in the United States market, in order to thus maximise the benefits of this innovative
prolonged-release, long-acting injectable drug therapy for the patients and take advantage of all the potential for
expansion and commercial development that the schizophrenia field offers.
• The delay in the launch, which coincides with a forecast price reduction in the area of long-acting injectables (LAIs) for
the treatment of schizophrenia in the United States and potential amendments to United States legislation or policy
regarding the pharmaceutical industry, jeopardising the expected profitability of Risvan®.
• The United States market lacks regulatory differentiation or specification on the technical data sheet of prolonged-
release, long-acting injectables that share the indication “Treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients”, which does not
favour the positioning of Risvan® in a market with strong competitors. To this, it would be necessary to add the time and
cost of the pharmacokinetic studies required to evaluate exposure to Risvan® similar to the daily administration of 6mg of
oral risperidone.
ROVI has, therefore, chosen to focus on the European development of Okedi®, where there are less uncertainties, and expects
this product to reach potential global sales of between 100 and 200 million euros in upcoming years.
2.3.6 ROVI, Insud Pharma and Innvierte (CDTI) create a company for the research and development of advanced therapies
ROVI informed (by publication of the other relevant information number 27397 dated 12th March 2024) of the agreement that
has been concluded with Insud Pharma S.L. and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment company of
Centro para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI) to incorporate, together with these two entities, a limited company
(Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) engaged in the research and development of advanced therapies.
This agreement, which was approved at the meeting of the Council of Ministers held on 12 March 2024, falls within the
framework of the Vanguard Health Strategic Project for Economic Recovery and Transformation (PERTE), promoted by the
Spanish Government. This PERTE concerns the creation of a public-private investment vehicle to develop advanced, innovative
and/or emerging medicines, therapies and/or technologies. The goal is to favour the deployment of the technical and industrial
capacities necessary to generate a high performance healthcare system intended to protect health by providing an immediate
and flexible response to healthcare challenges and favouring sustainability.
3 Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale: la escala de Impresión Clínica Global–Gravedad rates the severity of schizophrenia
through a question put to the doctor: “Considering your total clinical experience with this particular population, how mentally ill is
the patient at this time?”.
4 Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM®
in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a 12-month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2021 Nov 27;239:83-91.
5 Litman R, Naber D, Anta L, Martínez J, Filts Y, Correll CU. Personal and Social Functioning and Health-Related Quality of Life
in patients with Schizophrenia Treated with the Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Risperidone ISM. Neuropsychiatr Dis Treat.
2023 Jan 25;19:219-232.
8