Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
Schizophrenia diagnosed disorders affects around 3 million patients (Source IMS) in US and Europe, and although it has
no cure, there are effective treatments to control symptoms. These treatments use Second-Generation of Antipsychotics
(SGA) medications with a predictable efficacy and safety profile, and risperidone is the most used active principle.
ROVI has developed DORIA®, and expects a good evolution in Phase III, as the Active Principle is one of the most
prescribed for schizophrenic patients (risperidone) and ISM® technology has been proved in Phase I&II studies.
Long-acting injectables (LAIs) are becoming the goal standard for schizophrenia compared to oral treatments, and with
DORIA®, ROVI is aiming to play a relevant role in the US and Europe Schizophrenia LAIs market, with an estimated total
value in 2021 of 3.4 billion dollars (2.5 billion dollars in US and 930 million dollars in Top-5 Europe) (IMS Source).
The strategic drivers of DORIA® are:
• Long acting injectable (LAI) based on the ISM® technology developed by ROVI.
• LAI is becoming the goal standard for Schizophrenia.
• A good pharmacological profile providing a rapid onset allowing a once monthly injection without oral
supplementation and loading dose.
• One monthly represents a fully medically supervised patient: eradicates all potential issues that may arise with
an oral product.
• A monthly injection provides a better control of patients avoiding relapses.
• One monthly ensures a relapse rate improvement which on a pharmacoeconomic basis that justifies a cost
effective of LAIs.
ROVI will regularly update the milestones considered relevant in this Phase III-PRISMA 3 process.
2.4.- Research and development
ISM®
As previously informed, ROVI has progressed in the development of DORIA®, the first candidate for its leading-edge
drug delivery technology, ISM®, for a prolonged release of risperidone, a well-stablished second-generation antipsychotic
medicine.
After successfully finishing the phase I & II program1,2 of DORIA®, ROVI started the pivotal phase III trial “PRISMA-3”3
with the recruitment of the first patient on May 2017. An update of the project with details of the design and cost of
Phase III was released, together with a presentation to analysts on 24th October 2017.
On the other hand, ROVI has initiated the first Phase I clinical trial4 of Letrozol ISM® in November 2017. Letrozol ISM® is
a long-acting injectable aromatase inhibitor intended for the treatment of hormone-dependent breast cancer.
1 Llaudó J, et al. Phase I, open-label, randomized, parallel study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety, and tolerability of one
intramuscular injection of risperidone ISM at different dose strengths in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder (PRISMA-
1). Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 2016;31(6):323-31.
2 Carabias LA, et al. A phase II study to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety, and tolerability of Risperidone ISM multiple intramuscular
injections once every 4 weeks in patients with schizophrenia. Int Clin Psychopharmacol. 2017 Nov 3. doi:
10.1097/YIC.0000000000000203. [Epub ahead of print]
3 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Risperidone In Situ Microparticles® (ISM®) in Patients With Acute Schizophrenia
(PRISMA-3). Clinicaltrials.gov#NCT03160521 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT03160521].
4 Evaluation of IM Letrozole ISM® Pharmacokinetics, Safety, and Tolerability in Healthy Post-menopausal Women (LISA-1).
[https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03401320?term=letrozole&rank=4].
7