LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
◦ Disclosure Requirement IRO-2: Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the
undertaking’s Report
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to establish the criteria that the Company must follow to ensure transparency
in its Report. The purpose of said criteria is to provide an understanding of the Disclosure Requirements included in the
Statement and highlight the topics that have been omitted as not material as a result of the materiality assessment.
The list of Disclosure Requirements results from the meticulous assessment process of all the topics, sub-topics and sub-sub-
topics established in AR 16 of ESRS 1, based on the double materiality principle.
Of all the topics listed in AR 16 of ESRS 1, topic A3 “Affected communities” was considered as not applicable to ROVI from the
beginning of the assessment. This was because the Group’s activity has no impact on communities living adjacent to the
Company’s operations (local communities) or those living at a distance. Neither does it have any impact on indigenous
peoples in its relations across the value chain. The main group on which the Group has an impact is considered to be the
consumers or end-users who acquire its products. In this respect, since the aforementioned topic had been discarded since
the understanding phase, no associated impacts, risks or opportunities were identified.
Likewise, the following sub-(sub-)topics were also excluded from the beginning of the assessment for the following reasons:
• E3 - Water withdrawals: the Group’s activity does not imply direct water withdrawals but the consumption of water
from the public water network at the different locations where it has direct presence, as well as the different locations
across the value chain. In this respect, the withdrawal is included in water consumption and discharge.
• E3 - Water discharges in the oceans: the Group’s activity does not generate direct discharges in the oceans but in
the local water resources in the areas where it is present (mostly discharged into the public sewerage system or, in the
case of the San Sebastián de los Reyes plant, into the river). In relation to the value chain, 91% of Group suppliers are
European and, therefore, comply with the regulations on the sanitation and treatment of water and discharges in the
public water network of their country. Likewise, the limit placed by ROVI on its value chain does not consider possible
discharges that end up in the ocean after consumption by patients.
• E3 - Extraction and use of marine resources: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its
value chain are related to the withdrawal and/or use of marine resources. This has been checked with the list of Group
suppliers and the list of raw materials consumed by ROVI.
• E4 – Climate change: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its value chain are located in
areas of high biological diversity in which climate change could drive a loss of biodiversity due to their activity.
• E4 – Direct exploitation: the Group does not carry out direct exploitation of organisms (animals/plants) for food
purposes that has an impact on biodiversity loss. Although heparin suppliers do directly exploit pigs, it is not considered
that said species can be linked to this sub-sub-topic since it does not involve direct exploitation that generates an
impact on biodiversity loss.
• E4 – Alien invasive species: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its value chain work
with species whose introduction and/or spread by human action outside their natural distribution threatens biological
diversity, food security, and human health and well-being.
• E4 – Global species extinction risk: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its value chain
generate impacts on local species or represent a global extinction risk for any species.
• E4 - Land degradation: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its value chain are
considered intensive in land use.
• E4 – Desertification: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its value chain generate land
degradation in arid, semi-arid or dry sub-humid areas.
• E4 – Soil sealing: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of the participants in its value chain involve activities
related to soil sealing.
34