Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2025 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2025
• EBIT margin or EBIT as % of operating revenue
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the operating profit that ROVI obtains from its operating revenue
before interest and tax are deducted.
We calculate EBIT margin or EBIT as % of operating revenue as the percentage that the EBIT represents in the revenue
(operating revenue).
• EBIT “Pre-R&D”
This APM is used by ROVI to show EBIT from the on-going business.
We calculate EBIT “Pre-R&D” as operating profit for the period excluding: Research and Development expenses (“R&D”)
and non-recurring income and expenses.
• Net profit
Net profit is an indicator that measures the group´s profit for the period.
We calculate Net profit as EBIT plus finance costs-net and income tax.
• Net profit as % of operating revenue
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the profit for the period that ROVI obtains from its operating revenue.
We calculate net profit as % of operating revenue as the percentage that the net profit represents in the revenue
(operating revenue).
• Net profit “Pre-R&D”
This APM is used by ROVI to show the profit for the period related to the on-going business.
We calculate net profit “Pre-R&D” as EBIT “Pre-R&D” plus:
– Finance costs-net; and
– Income tax. Net profit “Pre-R&D” income tax is calculated by applying the same effective tax rate as reported in
the income statement of the period.
• Gross cash position
Gross cash position is an indicator that measures the amount of cash the group has at a specific point in time.
We calculate gross cash position as equity securities plus deposits plus financial derivatives plus financial assets at
amortised cost plus cash and cash equivalents.
• Net debt (-)/cash (+)
Net cash, also measured as financial debt or net debt, is the main indicator used by Management to measure the group’s
indebtedness.
It is composed of equity securities, plus deposits, plus financial derivatives, plus financial assets at amortised cost, plus
cash and cash equivalents, less current and non-current financial debt.
• Capex
Capex is an indicator used to better understand the investments made by the group in its operations.
17