LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Social information
1. ESRS S1. Own workforce
The objective of this chapter is to specify information on how ROVI impacts its own workforce through its own operations and to
explain the material risks derived from the material impacts.
Additionally, details are given of the actions taken, and the result of such actions, to prevent, mitigate or remediate actual or
potential negative impacts and how the Group addresses matters such as working conditions, equal treatment and opportunities
and other work-related rights.
This chapter discusses the Group’s own workforce, including, therefore, both employees, with whom the Group has a direct
employment relationship, and non-employees, who may be self-employed workers or workers provided by companies
specialising in employment-related activities.
a. Strategy
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to explain how the interests, views and rights of people in ROVI’s own workforce
inform its strategy and business model.
ROVI recognises the importance of the role played by the professionals of its own workforce and, therefore, includes a
commitment to human capital as one of the basic pillars of its business strategy, always taking their interests and views into
consideration through the works councils and communication mechanisms that are in place. To this end, it takes account of
aspects related to the material sub-topics derived from the double materiality assessment: working conditions, equal treatment
and opportunities for all and other work-related rights.
In this respect, ROVI promotes the professional and personal development of its employees with two main objectives: to ensure
their well-being and meet both individual and collective expectations.
Additionally, the Group drives the creation of a team of workers that is diverse, committed and ethical, emphasising the
importance of the values that the professionals project towards other people. In order to promote these values, which are
intrinsic to the Company and its treatment of its workforce, ROVI seeks inclusion and access to equitable conditions for all the
workers, as well as effective equality between men and women.
Likewise, ROVI considers internal talent to be a key pillar for its development and, therefore, has specific training plans in place
to meet the needs detected among the workers of each complex or work centre.
Lastly, mention should be made of the fact that the Group is actively and regularly involved in a number of sector forums and
meetings, such as Farmaindustria and PDFarma, which allows it to keep up-to-date on the best practices related to
management of its workers.
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the material impacts and risks41 derived from
ROVI’s double materiality assessment in relation to its own workforce.
ROVI has conducted a double materiality assessment in which it analysed its context, taking account of its strategy and
business model, in order to find out the aspects that could impact its own workforce. As a result of said assessment, the impacts
and risks that were found to be material in relation to the people in ROVI’s own workforce are set out below:
41 Note that no material opportunities were identified.
99