Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2024 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2024
alliance and possibly lead to an earlier hospital discharge. Furthermore, the patient’s functioning either continued to
improve or remained stable with long-term5 treatment.
"We are very excited about the FDA’s approval of Risvan® because we think our medicine will be able to contribute to
the clinical management of schizophrenia patients, helping to improve treatment adherence”, commented Juan López-
Belmonte Encina, ROVI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
ROVI, Insud Pharma and Innvierte (CDTI) create a company for the research and development of advanced
therapies
ROVI informed (by publication of the other relevant information number 27397 dated 12th March 2024) of the agreement
that has been concluded with Insud Pharma S.L. and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment
company of Centro para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI) to incorporate, together with these two entities,
a limited company (Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) engaged in the research and development of advanced
therapies.
This agreement, which was approved at the meeting of the Council of Ministers held on 12 March 2024, falls within the
framework of the Vanguard Health Strategic Project for Economic Recovery and Transformation (PERTE), promoted by
the Spanish Government. This PERTE concerns the creation of a public-private investment vehicle to develop advanced,
innovative and/or emerging medicines, therapies and/or technologies. The goal is to favour the deployment of the
technical and industrial capacities necessary to generate a high performance healthcare system intended to protect
health by providing an immediate and flexible response to healthcare challenges and favouring sustainability.
The share capital of this new entity will be 49% held by the Ministry of Science, Innovation and Universities through the
company Innvierte, while Insud Pharma and ROVI will hold 25.5% each. The shareholders undertake to make an initial
combined contribution of 74,867,346.94 euros. The investment will be made in accordance with the needs of the projects
defined in the future and will be subject to the shareholders’ approval of the relevant business plan. Such investment
could reach 220 million euros, which would be contributed by the public and private investors that are participating.
It is planned that Innvierte’s contributions could be made with European “Next Generation EU” funds, which include the
EU Recovery and Resilience Facility established in Regulation (EU) 2921/241 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 12 February 2021.
Juan López-Belmonte, Chairman and CEO of ROVI, highlights the fact that this agreement “represents an opportunity to
help place Spain in a leading position in the clinical research of new therapies, with the capacity to translate this research
into manufacturing and thus improve the availability of new therapies to patients. At ROVI, we are delighted to place our
knowledge and experience at the service of this great public-private alliance that reinforces our commitment to
innovation”.
5.- Research and development
Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) is the first ROVI product based in its leading-edge drug delivery technology, ISM®. It is a
novel investigational antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia with once-monthly (every 28 days) injections which
has been developed and patented by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI S.A. and which, as of the first injection, provides
immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or supplementation with oral
risperidone.
On 15 February 2022, the European Commission authorised the marketing of Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) for the
treatment of schizophrenia in adults for whom tolerability and effectiveness has been established with oral risperidone,
and it was launched in 2022 in Germany, UK and Spain and in 2023 in Portugal, Italy, Austria, Greece and Serbia.
On 21 March 2024, ROVI received authorisation from Health Canada for the marketing of Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®)
for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults throughout Canada. ROVI has likewise obtained approval in Australia.
5 Litman R, Naber D, Anta L, Martínez J, Filts Y, Correll CU. Personal and Social Functioning and Health-Related Quality of Life in patients with Schizophrenia Treated with the Long-
Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Risperidone ISM. Neuropsychiatr Dis Treat. 2023 Jan 25;19:219-232.
7