Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
32. Fees of account auditors and their group or related companies
The net fees accrued by KPMG Auditores, S.L. for account auditing and other accounting reviews and verification in the
year 2017 were 142 thousand euros and 38 thousand euros, respectively.
The accounting review and verification services include the work carried out on the review of the System for Internal
Control over Financial Information (SCIIF), as well as the limited review of the six-month period ended 30 June, 2017.
In 2016, the audit firm was PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L, whose fees were 204 thousand euros for account
auditing services and 51 thousand euros for other accounting review and verification services. Additionally, in 2016,
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. provided advisory services in relation to the fullfillment of the Code of Ethics of
Farmaindustria and obligations arising from the recent reform of the crime and company legislation for an amount of 127
thousand euros
Likewise in 2016, fees were accrued for services provided by Landwell PricewaterhouseCoopers Tax and Legal
Services, S.L, including tax and legal consulting, for an amount of 329 thousand euros. Furthermore,
PricewaterhouseCoopers Asesores de Negocios, S.L. provided technical advisory services related to licences and other
consulting services for a total amount of 155 thousand euros in 2016.
33. Director compensation
At 31 December, 2017, the members of the Board of Directors were as follows:
Mr. Juan López-Belmonte López Chairman
Mr. Iván López-Belmonte Encina First Deputy Chairman
Mr. Javier López-Belmonte Encina Second Deputy Chairman
Mr. Juan López-Belmonte Encina Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Enrique Castellón Leal Director
Mr. Miguel Corsini Freese Director
Mr. Fernando de Almansa Moreno-Barreda Director
The non-director Secretary is Mr. Gabriel Núñez Fernández.
57