4
(Translation from the original in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails.)
Recognition of revenues from services rendered to third parties
See notes 2.21.b, 4.2, 20.b and 22.b to the consolidated annual accounts
Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
In 2020 the Group incurred research and
development expenses amounting to Euros 23,801
thousand that have not been capitalised, associated
mainly with products under development based on
the ISM® platform.
Due to the significance of the balance and the high
degree of judgement associated with the
capitalisation and recoverability of these intangible
assets, we consider this to be a key audit matter in
our audit of the current year.
Other Information: Consolidated Directors’ Report __________________________
Other information solely comprises the 2020 consolidated directors' report, the preparation of which
is the responsibility of the Parent's Directors and which does not form an integral part of the
consolidated annual accounts.
Our audit opinion on the consolidated annual accounts does not encompass the consolidated
directors' report. Our responsibility regarding the information contained in the consolidated directors’
report is defined in the legislation regulating the audit of accounts, as follows:
a) Determine, solely, whether the consolidated non-financial information statement and certain
information included in the Annual Corporate Governance Report, as specified in the Spanish
Audit Law, have been provided in the manner stipulated in the applicable legislation, and if not,
to report on this matter.
b) Assess and report on the consistency of the rest of the information included in the consolidated
directors’ report with the consolidated annual accounts, based on knowledge of the Group
obtained during the audit of the aforementioned consolidated annual accounts. Also, assess and
report on whether the content and presentation of this part of the consolidated directors’ report
are in accordance with applicable legislation. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there are material misstatements, we are required to report them.
Based on the work carried out, as described in the preceding paragraph, we have observed that the
information mentioned in section a) above has been provided in the manner stipulated in the
applicable legislation, that the rest of the information contained in the consolidated directors’ report
is consistent with that disclosed in the consolidated annual accounts for 2020, and that the content
and presentation of the report are in accordance with applicable legislation.