Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
The main matters discussed on these committees, where the company and the workers have equal representation are:
the assessment and valuation of occupational hazards, the provision of personal protection equipment, the protection
facilities, information and training on occupational hazards, among other issues. Through these joint bodies, ROVI’s
employees are represented in these matters at the highest level.
4.5. Training
The Group knows that making training a priority is a long-term investment so that ROVI’s talent is well prepared and
develops its highest potential.
For this reason, we strive for the employees to have the necessary training to cover, not only the requirements of their
present job, but also to tackle future needs derived from the use of new technologies, equipment, instruments, etc. or the
need to take on greater responsibilities or more important projects.
To draw up the annual training plans, the training needs in each area are identified, a process in which the Human
Resources Department, Group Management and Middle Management are involved.
ROVI’s annual plan is aligned with the strategic and business objectives. Through training, it is sought to efficiently help
people to contribute and add value to the attainment and achievement of ROVI’s strategic objectives. Likewise, ROVI has
individual development plans. Depending on the specific needs identified, different alternatives and training plans are put
into place in order to promote the career plans of specific employees.
ROVI works with a training model that foments self-responsibility and commitment. Thus, 10% of development and learning
takes place through training actions in the classroom or in virtual or e-learning format and 20% takes place through feed-
back, observation or with the support of mentors, coaches, professional associations, spaces for reflection, conversations
with other people, leaders, etc. Lastly 70% of development and learning takes the form of job experience, applying new
learning in real situations, problem-solving, participating in projects and new challenges, rotating through different
departments, etc., always taking the professional profile and the needs of each area into account.
- Basic principles of ROVI Group’s training programmes/actions:
• Training programmes will contain aspects related to respect for human rights and will foster an ethical
culture.
• No discrimination on the grounds of gender, age or origin. Professionals with equal positions and
professional development have the same training opportunities.
• Training actions will respect the current regulatory framework and demands of the work and business
environment. ROVI will provide training in new legislation, so that workers know and comply with current
laws.
• The use of different training tools is favoured (classroom, on-line, platforms, etc.).
• Sharing the knowledge that exists in the Company, continuing learning and cultural exchange is
encouraged.
31