Free translation of the 2019 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2019 Consolidated Management Report
Likewise, both dosage strengths of Risperidone ISM® (75 mg and 100 mg, once monthly) showed reductions that were
statistically higher than those of the placebo (p<0.0001) in the total score on the Clinician Global Impression-Severity
(CGI-S) scale, at week 12, which was the prespecified key secondary efficacy endpoint in the study.
Additionally, ROVI is including in the registration dossier long-term safety data on more than 100 patients from an open-
label extension of the PRISMA-3 study4, exposed to at least one year of treatment with Doria®, as recommended in the
International Conference on Harmonization (ICH) Guideline E1. The aforementioned open-label extension of the pivotal
study, after recruiting 215 patients, has very recently finished and will provide more clinical data on the long-term use of
Risperidone ISM®.
Lastly, ROVI has also announced the completion of the BORIS clinical trial, aimed to compare the bioavailability of
multiple doses of oral risperidone with multiple doses of Risperidone ISM® in stable schizophrenic patients. The results of
this study are providing support to the registration of Doria® with the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) and EMA
(European Medicines Agency) as a hybrid application5,6, i.e. based partly on own studies and partly on previously done
with reference medicine.
2.3.4 ROVI Announces Positive Topline Results from Phase 3 study of Doria® in Patients with Schizophrenia
ROVI informed about topline results from the pivotal study PRISMA-3, a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled
phase 3 trial of Doria® (Risperidone ISM®), a novel investigational once-monthly injectable antipsychotic for the treatment
of schizophrenia. In this study, patients treated with once-monthly doses of either 75 mg or 100 mg of Doria®, obtained
statistically significant reductions from baseline (p<0.0001) compared to placebo in the Positive and Negative Syndrome
Scale (PANSS) total score at week 12, which was the prespecified primary efficacy endpoint in the trial.
“The positive results of the PRISMA-3 study provide the clinical evidence that Risperidone ISM® allows for a meaningful
control of schizophrenia symptoms in patients with an acute illness exacerbation, using once-monthly injection and
without needing loading doses or oral supplementation” stated Christoph Correll, M.D., Professor of Psychiatry and
Molecular Medicine at the Donald and Barbara Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell in Hempstead, New York.
“In view of these results that also documented a favorable safety profile consistent with data known from oral risperidone,
I believe that Risperidone ISM®, if approved, may represent a first-line therapeutic option for those schizophrenia patients
in whom prescribers, patients and families consider risperidone to be the treatment of choice”.
Both doses of Risperidone ISM® (once-monthly 75 mg and 100 mg), compared to placebo, also showed statistically
significant improvement (p<0.0001) in the total score of the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity scale (CGI-S) at 12
weeks, which was the pre-specified key secondary efficacy endpoint in the study.
4 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Risperidone ISM® in Patients With Acute Schizophrenia: Open Label Extension
(PRISMA-3_OLE). Clinicaltrials.gov# NCT03870880 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03870880]. This clinical program has had the
support of the Industrial Technological Development Centre (“CDTI”).
5 NDA 505(b)(2) Section of Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
6 Hybrid Application, Article 10(3) – Directive 2001/83/EC
8