Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
b.3) Deferred tax assets
The Company recognises deferred tax assets and tax credits when it is likely that they will materialise in lower income
tax payments in the future.
In order to determine the maximum amount that can be recognised by the Company in relation to the future tax effect of
these items, Management recognises only items where, after analysis, there is certainty that said tax effect will occur and
of the accuracy of the amount involved.
Although the estimates were made using the best information available on the events analysed at 31 December, 2019, it
is possible that future events might make it necessary to change them (upwards or downwards) over forthcoming years,
prospectively recognising the effect of the change in estimate in the relevant account of the consolidated income
statement. Based on analyses performed by the Company, a change in assumptions would not have a significant effect
on the periods over which said assets could be recovered.
c) Grouping of items
In order to facilitate an understanding of the statement of financial position, income statement, statement of changes in
equity and statement of cash flows, the items on these statements are presented in groups and the required analyses
are included in the relevant Notes to the Annual Accounts.
3. Accounting policies
3.1 Intangible assets
a) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred, while the development costs incurred in a project are
recognised as intangible assets when the following requirements are met:
- the project is viable from a technical and commercial point of view,
- sufficient technical and financial resources are available to complete it,
- the costs incurred can be determined reliably, and
- profits are likely to be generated.
The Company considers that, in the case of the development of pharmaceutical products, the aforementioned
requirements are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new
products developed under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing
authorisation is filed.
When the carrying amount of an asset is higher than its recoverable amount, its value is immediately written down to the
recoverable amount.
9