Free translation of the 2021 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2021 Management Report
11.2 Financial risks
The Company’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to
minimize potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of
ROVI are detailed below:
- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: this risk is low because (i) virtually all the Company’s assets and liabilities are in euros;
(ii) a majority of the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a
significant amount in currencies other than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the
impact of exchange-rate risk. At 31 December, 2020, the Company held instruments of this kind for a value of
13,500 thousand euros (26,500 thousand euros in 2019), the measurement of which led to recognition of a loss
of 925 thousand euros at the 2020 reporting date (at the 2019 reporting date the loss was not significant).
b) Price risk: the Company is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the
Company and classified as available for sale on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its
price risk arising from investments in equity securities, the Company diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is
diversified in accordance with the limits set by the Company. The Company does not use derivatives to hedge
price risk.
c) Interest rate risk: the Company is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial
debt transactions at variable rates. Company policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt
with government entities by obtaining reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the
case of bank debt, to obtain cash flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the
impact of interest-rate risk to a minimum.
d) Raw material price risk: the Company is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and
other packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied. To minimise this risk, the Company
mantains a diversified portfolio of suppliers and manages its stock levels efficiently.
- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed by groups. The credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, long-term financial investments,
deposits held at call in banks and financial institutions and other receivables available for sale, as well as from
wholesalers and retailers, including accounts receivables and committed transactions. The Company monitors the
solvency of these assets by reviewing external credit ratings and qualifying internally assets which are not externally
rated.
It should be mentioned here that despite this management work, the Regional Government continue to be extremely
slow in making payments for pharmaceutical supplies, to the detriment of companies operating in this sector. Despite
this, the Company’s financial position is sound and its liquidity unaffected.
- Liquidity risk
Management periodically monitors the liquidity estimates of the Company in accordance with the expected cash flows.
ROVI maintains sufficient cash and marketable securities to meet its liquidity requirements. In 2017, ROVI signed a
financing agreement with the European Investment Bank, which it could draw down over the two years following
signature of the agreement for a total amount of 45 million euros. As of 31 December, 2019, ROVI had drawn the full
amount of this loan.
15