Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
The Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (“the Company”) authorises the following Statement of
Non-Financial Information in accordance with Law 11/2018, which amended the Code of Commerce, the revised text of
the Capital Companies Act and the Account Auditing Law in respect of non-financial information and diversity.
1. BASES FOR AUTHORISATION OF THE STATEMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION
In the light of the aforementioned Act, the Company has analysed the impacts derived from its business model and
considers the following non-financial aspects to be relevant, based on the materiality matrix shown below and published
on ROVI’s website in the 2019 CSR Report (www.rovi.es).
• General Group information: business model, geographical presence, objectives, strategy and market trends.
• Environment: pollution and waste management, sustainable use of resources and climate change.
• Social and employee issues: employment, organisation of work, employee health and safety, labour
relations, training, universal accessibility and equality.
• Human rights.
• Corruption and bribery.
• Information on social contribution: commitment to sustainable development, subcontractors and suppliers,
consumers and tax information.
The most important issues for ROVI and its stakeholders are based on the internal and external consultation carried out in
2017. The result of this analysis is 20 material issues, considering their influence of the success of the business and their
importance to stakeholders, grouped into eight categories, shown below, related to the Sustainable Development Goals
(SDG) of the United Nations Global Compact.
Good governance and ethical conduct
1. Responsible governance
2. Ethics and compliance
3. Risks and crisis management
Transparency and dialogue
4. Information transparency
5. Dialogue and relations with stakeholders
Product quality and safety
6. Product quality
7. Pharmacovigilance and product safety
Environment
8. Circular economy → SDG 12
9. Atmospheric emissions → SDG 12
10. Climate change
11. Drug pollution
Relations with customers, patients and health professionals
12. Attention to and relations with customers, patients and health professionals
1