LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
one of the Company’s medicines has several channels for contacting the Pharmacovigilance Department, such as telephone,
fax, email or the postal service, which appear both on the corporate website and in the product leaflets.
The Pharmacovigilance Department collects this information, evaluates the possible involvement of the Company’s medicine
and notifies the health authorities when the regulations make this necessary. With the information compiled, if it were necessary,
ROVI would contact the health authorities to propose the inclusion of possible new adverse reactions. These reports are
monitored individually. The objective of pharmacovigilance is to monitor the safety of medicines to protect the patients, using the
information obtained from these reports. In this context, at ROVI, no incident managed by the Pharmacovigilance Department
has led to a change in the composition of medicines, the removal of medicines from the market or any related studies being
conducted.
In cases of complaints related to adverse effects of products considered “parallel imports”, they are handled in the same way as
any other case provided they are received through the established channels. In these cases, the fact that it is a parallel import is
indicated, in order to contact the importer and, if relevant, investigate whether the problem could have been caused by the
conditions in which the product was kept during transport or storage.
Likewise, if the Pharmacovigilance Department of ROVI detects any problem related to its products, it is obliged to inform the
health authorities before disclosing any information on the subject publicly.
Furthermore, the Company has a communication channel to allow any patient who has used a ROVI product to report any
irregularity related to its use: the Ethics Channel of the ROVI Group, accessible through the corporate website. The way this
channel is managed is set out in the Policy on the Internal Information System and Whistleblower Defence, which guarantees
confidentiality and the right to non-retaliation of channel users. The tool used allows reports to be submitted anonymously and
has a secure communication mailbox. Reports received through the channel are investigated by the Ethics Channel
Management Committee, composed of the Internal Audit Manager, the Head of Compliance and the Human Resources
Manager. Attention should be drawn to the fact that channel users are protected by the rights to confidentiality and non-
retaliation. See Disclosure Requirement G1-1 of ESRS G1 on whistleblower protection.
Regarding the products that ROVI manufactures for third parties, any adverse effect must be notified directly to the
pharmaceutical company for which the product is manufactured, unless the contract states otherwise.
Regarding the products that are licensed out,53 ROVI holds quality and pharmacovigilance agreements with the companies that
market its products.Communications related to Group products marketed by a company in a foreign country are managed by
ROVI’s pharmacovigilance area, ensuring that the Pharmacovigilance Department of the foreign country applies the procedures
correctly and makes the appropriate notifications. All the foregoing is verified through periodic audits of their pharmacovigilance
systems.
Notwithstanding, ROVI dos not evaluate the degree of trust that its consumers and end-users place in these mechanisms.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S4-4: Taking action on material impacts on consumers and
end-users, and approaches to managing material risk and pursuing material
opportunities related to consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of these actions
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding on actions related to impacts on consumers and
end-users and the Company’s approach to the related material risks and opportunities. The scope of these actions
encompasses the entire value chain (upstream, downstream and own operations).
In this respect, ROVI has five main areas related to medicine development and production, all of which are oriented to meet the
needs of the users of its products: the Quality area, the Intellectual Property area, the Pharmacovigilance area, the Regulatory
Compliance area and the R&D&I area.
53 The licensing-out activity consists of granting licenses to third parties for ROVI’s own products, mainly in order to maximise the commercial potential of the
R&D that ROVI carries on internally.
132