Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
Inter-company transactions and balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group entities are eliminated.
Unrealised losses are also eliminated. When necessary, the amounts shown for subsidiaries have been adjusted to adapt them
to Group accounting policies.
Appendix 1 to these Notes lists the particulars of the fully-consolidated subsidiaries. All subsidiaries and associates have the
same annual period as the parent company.
b) Joint arrangement and associates
The Group applies IFRS 11 to all joint arrangements. Under IFRS 11, joint arrangements are classified into either joint
operations or joint ventures, depending on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group has assessed the
nature of its joint arrangements and has determined them to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity
method.
In addition, the Group classifies a company as an associate when it has significant influence, in accordance with IAS 28.
Significant influence is determined by the percentage interest and other qualitative factors, such as representation on the board
of directors or equivalent governing body, participation in the policy-making process, material transactions between the investor
and the investee, interchange of managerial personnel or the provision of essential technical information. Associates are also
accounted for using the equity method.
Under the equity method, interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost and are then adjusted to recognise the
Group’s share in post-acquisition profits and losses and movements in other comprehensive income. When the Group’s share in
the losses of a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in joint ventures (including any long-term interest that, substantially,
forms part of the Group’s net investment in joint ventures), the Group does not recognise additional losses unless it has
acquired obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures.
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in
the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence that the assets transferred
have suffered an impairment loss. The accounting policies for joint ventures have been modified where necessary to ensure
consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
2.4 Segment reporting
Operating segment reporting is presented consistently with the internal information presented to the chief decision-making
authority. The chief decision-making authority, which is responsible for allocating resources to the operating segments and
assessing the performance of said segments, has been identified as the Management Committee, which makes the strategic
decisions.
2.5 Foreign currency transactions
a) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the annual accounts of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates ("the functional currency”). The consolidated annual accounts are presented in euros,
which is the Group’s functional and presentation currency.
b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates in force at the transaction
dates or, if the items have been remeasured, the measurement dates.
Foreign currency losses and gains that result from the settlement of these transactions are recognised in profit and loss, except
if deferred in the case of eligible cash flow hedges or eligible net investment hedges. Foreign currency losses and gains relating
to loans and cash and cash equivalents are shown as “Finance costs – net”. Other foreign currency losses and gains are shown
as “Other net gains/(losses)”.
Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency and classified as equity securities are
analysed considering the translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other changes
in its carrying amount. Translation differences relating to variations in the amortised cost are recognised in profit and loss and
the other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in other comprehensive income.
10