Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
As of 31 December, 2017, there were 1,191 employees on the payroll (1,150 at 31 December, 2016), 664 of whom were
women (636 at 31 December, 2016). The percentage of total employees who were women was 56% in 2017, in
comparison with 55% in 2016.
Training policies
For ROVI, training and preparing its employees is of crucial importance. The abilities and attitudes of a company’s
workers are determining factors to achieve the greatest possible efficiency and, therefore, the company allocates
significant resources to be invested in human capital. As a result, ROVI promotes professional evolution and growth, as
well as the preparation and training to achieve them. In career and professional development plans, the involvement of
both the person and his/her direct superior is indispensable.
Young professionals have the support of more experienced colleagues who guide them and help to develop their
technical skills. Furthermore, ROVI wishes to ensure that knowledge is transferred from senior professionals to the new
generations.
The company’s investment in training has grown annually. In 2017, the total number of hours of training, including both
internal and external training, grew by 8% in comparison with 2016 and the amount allocated to training during 2017
grew by 1.5% in comparison with 2016.
Occupational hazard management
Managing risks related to the employees falls within the scope of the department that handles exclusively aspects related
to environmental management, as well as those concerning workplace health and safety in the whole Group. This
department is responsible for managing occupational hazards.
ROVI has an Integrated Environmental and Occupational Hazard Prevention Management Policy, applicable to the
whole Group. Its objective is to protect the life, physical integrity and health of all the workers, including both the Group’s
own workers and those of companies who work with ROVI. This Policy is based on a series of corporate procedures, as
well as local procedures or work instructions specific to each centre.
The principal occupational hazards identified by ROVI, having followed the corporate procedure for identifying hazards,
assessing risks and determining controls, are mainly those inherent to a production plant: contact with and exposure to
chemical products, noise exposure, overexertion, etc.
These risks are managed through planning the preventive activity (existence of specific procedures compliance with
which minimizes the probability that these risks will materialize) and training (there are occupational hazard training plans
and refresher plans). Furthermore, the risks identified are managed in accordance with the specific procedures created
to control and regularly monitor the actions taken, such as those concerning work permits, safety inspections and the
identification and evaluation of legal requirements.
The application of all these policies allowed the accidentability target to be attained in all the Group companies in 2017.
12