Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
c) Sale of services with distribution licenses
Occasionally the Group grants licences to other pharmaceutical companies to sell its products on an exclusive
basis in a specific territory and also promises to manufacture the pharmaceutical product for the customer. For
these agreements, the Group collects a single down-payment for the transfer of the license, which is either non-
refundable or may be refundable under very strict terms if the product is finally not authorised for distribution in a
specific territory. In these contracts signed with third parties whereby Rovi grants the distribution licenses, the
obligations arising from the granting of these licenses are always linked to the obligation to supply and
manufacture the product and no other entity can manufacture it. As the customer cannot benefit from the licence
without the manufacturing service, the licence and the manufacturing service cannot be separated and therefore
the Group accounts for the licence and the manufacturing service as a single performance obligation.
Additionally, in these types of contracts the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
completed to date, as the entity would be entitled to an amount that at least compensated the Group for its
performance completed to date in the event that the customer or another party were to terminate the contract for
reasons other than the entity's failure to perform as promised. Consequently, the Group recognises revenue
over time and defers revenues from the granting of product distribution licenses over the number of units
produced.
The deferral system implemented by ROVI is in accordance with IFRS 15 for this type of revenue, and therefore
the application of this standard has had no significant impact on the contracts already in place. Any impact
would be on new contracts for granting distribution licenses, with terms and conditions that differ from those
currently in place. This has not occurred to date.
• Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”: “Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation”.
According to this amendment, effective 1 January, 2018, financial assets that can be prepaid with compensation
may be measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income. ROVI will take this
amendment into account if any asset with these features is prepaid.
b) Standards, interpretations and amendments that have not yet come into force but which are available for early
adoption for annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2018
At the signature date of these Consolidated Annual Accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the following standards, amendments and interpretations application of which is mandatory from 2019
onwards. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group, although they have not been adopted
early:
• IFRS 16 – “Leases” replaces IAS 17, IFRIC 4, IAS 15 and IAS 27. It will be effective for annual periods
commencing on or after 1 January, 2019 and early adoption is permitted as long as IFRS 15 is being applied.
The principal new feature of IFRS 16 is that there will be a single new accounting model for lessees, who will
include all leases (with limited exceptions) in their statements of financial position with an impact similar to that
of the present finance leases (there will be depreciation of the right-of-use asset and a finance expense for the
amortised cost of the liability, the expense accruing more swiftly under IFRS 16).
13