Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
2.22 Leases
When a Group company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to
profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
2.23 Dividend distribution
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated annual
accounts in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.
2.24 Contribution to public health system
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by the Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January, 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in
Spain engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are officially prescribed in Spanish territory on official
National Health Service prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are calculated
on a scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48, subsequently amended by Additional Provision 6 of Law
29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Group records the accrued
health tax as a sales discount when the sale is made. There is a provision at the end of the period for the estimated amount
accrued but unpaid and the possible adjustment of the tax to the actual sales for the period.
In 2010, the government approved two packages of measures to reduce pharmaceutical spending. The first one focused
on generic products, which are those out of patent, for which it established an average reduction of 25% in the selling price
to laboratories. The second package addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. Since that time, a 7.5% discount
has been applied to the selling price to the public. The Group recognises the amounts relating to these measures as a
decrease in sales.
Since 2017, the Spanish government and the members of Farmaindustria, which include ROVI, have signed different
agreements whereby the members assume the commitment to make certain contributions to the Public Health System.
The Group recognises the sums accrued for these commitments as a reduction in sales.
3. Financial risk management
3.1 Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk
and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of the
financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the group Treasury Department following policies approved by the Board of Directors.
Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The
Audit Committee analyses written principles for global risk management, as well as written policies covering specific areas,
such as, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess liquidity.
a) Market risk
(i) Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is low because (i) most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a large part of the
transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies other
22