LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Notwithstanding, the Environmental Management Policy and the Environmental and Social Sustainability Policy consider the
sustainable use of resources, including water resources. However, the impacts and risks identified as material for ROVI are not
considered explicitly.
Likewise, ROVI has two manufacturing facilities located in Granada that are currently subject to water-stress climate risk, which
will become significant in 2050 and could give rise to interruptions in the activity due to a potential lack of supply. ROVI, in its
Environmental Management Policy, confirms its commitment to establishing plans for mitigating and reducing water
consumption in locations in areas identified as subject to high water-stress. Furthermore, these locations are included under a
certified environmental management system and a water-stress risk mitigation plan that establishes specific measures to
mitigate an interruption in manufacturing caused by a potential cut in the water supply to the Granada facilities, as well as water
consumption reduction targets.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E3-2: Actions and resources related to water and marine
resources
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the actions taken or planned by ROVI to manage
the use of water resources.
ROVI has five industrial production facilities in which the water necessary for manufacturing is consumed, which may have an
impact on water resource availability. Notwithstanding, attention should be drawn to the fact that water consumption has not
been identified as a significant environmental aspect at the Alcalá de Henares facility (production of tablets and sachets and
packaging of injectables) and, therefore, no additional actions have been implemented other than the control, monitoring and
measurement of the consumption.
Likewise, as a general principle common to all the facilities, in new projects or the acquisition of new water-intensive equipment,
ROVI always strives to optimise and reduce the use of water.
Regarding specific actions at the rest of the facilities, in 2024 ROVI took the following actions related to sustainable water
management:
Granada and Escúzar Complexes
At the two Granada centres located in areas of high water stress, in 2024, ROVI worked on a mitigation plan in order to be ready
in the event a water-scarcity scenario. This plan sets out the risks derived from the analysis and suggests measures to counter
them.
In this respect, for 2025, a measure has been proposed involving the installation of a water storage tank with a capacity of 40 m³
at both facilities. This tank will have a central unit and a chlorine recirculation pump, intended to feed the existing drinking water
reserve tank and thus guarantee the water supply in risk situations. The CapEx associated to this project is estimated at
€65,000.
Julián Camarillo Complex
At the Julián Camarillo complex, in compliance with the obligations arising from the Madrid City Council’s Ordinance for the
Management and Efficient Use of Water and Green Zones, ROVI updated the Sustainable Water Management Plan of ROVI
(2022-2025) in 2022. These plans are submitted every four years and are validated by the City Council.
Noteworthy actions from this current plan were carried out in 2024, such as the implementation of thermal insulation to cover the
steam tubes to avoid heat losses at one of the production buildings or weekly meter readings to furnish greater control over
water consumption. The CapEx associated to the insulating blankets totalled €1,620 in 2024 and that associated to the
insulation jackets was €1,138.
Likewise, in 2024, the Installation Maintenance Department carried out a weekly check of the meters and daily monitoring and
leak repair activity in the technical area, in addition to other periodic checks of the installations
84