Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
amount of the cumulative revenue recognised will occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration
subsequently disappears.
b) Sales of services
The main services provided by the Group consist of manufacturing and packaging services for third parties (toll
manufacturing). In these services, control is deemed to be transferred to the customer and the service obligations are
deemed to have been completed when the manufactured goods are made available to the customer. Invoices are usually
payable between 30 and 120 days.
Occasionally, before providing the manufacturing service, ROVI, in accordance with certain defined milestones, carries out
work to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities and machinery –which may be either its own or acquired or subcontracted
from third parties– without which it would not be possible to provide the service under the conditions required by the
customers. If the final cost of this work is paid by the customer, ROVI recognises the revenue from the service provided
on the basis of the percentage of completion of the work performed, in accordance with the defined milestones. If the
percentage of completion includes a determined acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised until they are finally
installed.
ROVI has entered into a commitment with certain customers to reserve production capacity at its plants in exchange for a
financial consideration. In these cases, revenue accrual is linked to attainment of a single milestone, which is fixed by
contract and may consist of being ready to produce or of reaching the end of the term agreed without the customer
requesting the reserved production. Additionally, in cases where the production takes place, the capacity reservation will
act as a minimum payment for the production service.
c) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest method.
d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
e) Other revenue: granting of exclusive distribution licences
Occasionally the Group grants licenses to other pharmaceutical companies to sell its products on an exclusive basis in a
specific territory and also promises to manufacture the pharmaceutical product for the customer. For these agreements,
the Group collects a single down-payment for the transfer of the license, which is either non-refundable or may be
refundable under very strict terms if the product is finally not authorised for distribution in a specific territory. In these
contracts signed with third parties whereby Rovi grants the distribution licenses, the obligations arising from the granting
of these licenses are always linked to the obligation to supply and manufacture the product, which no other entity can
manufacture. As the customer cannot benefit from the licence without the manufacturing service, the licence and the
manufacturing service cannot be separated and, therefore, the Group recognises the licence and the manufacturing service
as a single performance obligation.
Additionally, in these types of contracts the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date,
as the entity would be entitled to an amount that at least compensates the Group for its performance completed to date in
the event that the customer or another party were to terminate the contract for reasons other than the entity's failure to
perform as promised. Consequently, the Group recognises revenue over time and defers revenues from the granting of
product distribution licenses over the number of units produced.
21