ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Profile
Name of director
Mr Almansa Moreno-Barreda holds a degree in law from the University of Deusto (Bilbao). Diplomat.
He joined the Diplomatic Service on 2 December, 1974. Between 1976 and 1992 he held different
positions: Secretary of the Spanish Embassy in Brussels, Cultural Attaché at the Spanish Embassy in
Mexico, Chief Director of the Coordination Section of the Subdirectorate-General for Eastern Europe,
Director of Atlantic Affairs at the Directorate-General of Foreign Policy for Europe and Atlantic Affairs,
Political Counsellor to the Permanent Representative of Spain on the North Atlantic Council in
MR JOSÉ Brussels, Minister-Counsellor of the Spanish Embassy in the Soviet Union, Secretary General of the
FERNANDO National Commission for the Fifth Centenary of the Discovery of America and Subdirector General for
DE ALMANSA Eastern Europe, reporting to the Directorate-General of Foreign Policy for Europe. From 1993 to 2002,
MORENO- His Majesty King Juan Carlos I appointed him as Head of the Royal Household with the rank of minister
BARREDA and he was appointed as a privy councillor of His Majesty King Juan Carlos I. He was a member of the
Board of Directors of Telefónica, S.A. from 2003 to 2016, holding the position of chairman of the
International Affairs Commission of its Board and forming part of several subsidiaries of Telefónica,
S.A. in Latin America as a Board member. Likewise, from 2003 until 2015, he formed part of the Board
of the Mexican bank BBVA BANCOMER. Currently, he is a director of Telefónica Móviles, S.A. in
Mexico. He has been a director of ROVI since 9 June, 2015, having been re-elected at the 2019
Ordinary General Meeting.
Mr Peña Pinto holds a law degree from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid and passed the
official examination to become a Technical Labour and Social Security Inspector. From 1984 to 1989,
Mr Peña held the position of Labour Attaché at the Spanish Embassy in Italy. Subsequently, from
1991 to 1996, he was the Secretary-General for Health at the Ministry of Health and Consumption
and Secretary General for Employment and Labour Relations at the Ministry of Labour. Between 2005
and 2006, he was appointed expert member of the Economic and Social Council, which he presided
until April 2019. Likewise, Mr Peña Pinto has been a member of the Council of State due to his
MR MARCOS
position as president of the Economic and Social Council. In April 2020, Mr Peña became a trustee of
PEÑA PINTO
the CEOE Foundation. Regarding his other professional activities, it should be noted that Mr Marcos
Peña is specialised in collective bargaining and has held the position of chairman of the Negotiation
Committee for many collective labour agreements (e.g. Telefónica, Renfe, Repsol, Alcatel, Endesa,
Astilleros, etc.). Furthermore, Mr Peña Pinto has been an arbitrator and mediator in various labour
conflicts on a nationwide scale and is the author of numerous publications, often publishing articles
with the written press. He was appointed as an independent director of the Company by co-option by
the Board of Directors, accepting his appointment on 9 May, 2019, and re-elected at the Ordinary
General Shareholders’ Meeting of 12 June, 2019.
Ms Báñez García holds a combined degree in Law and Economic and Business Sciences from the
Universidad Pontificia de Comillas -ICADE E-3- and continued her academic education with a
postgraduate degree in Company Administration from the University of Harvard, Boston, MA,
MS FÁTIMA BÁÑEZ
likewise completing the Public Management Leadership Programme at the IESE Business School.
GARCÍA
She was Minister of Employment and Social Security in the Spanish government from December
2011 to June 2018, and provisional Minister of Health, Social Services and Equality from August to
November 2016. Also in the public area, she was member of the Spanish Congress of Deputies for
Huelva (2009-2019), holding important responsibilities in the economic area of the Popular
Parliamentary Group, as well as the position of chairperson of the Foreign Affairs Commission of
the Lower Chamber (2018-2019). Previously, from November 1997 to June 2000, she was a
member of the Board of Directors of Radio Televisión de Andalucía. She began her professional life
14 / 65