Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
b) Licences and trademarks
Product licences and trademarks are shown at acquisition cost. Those that have a finite useful life and are carried at cost
less accumulated amortisation and recognised impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line
method to allocate the cost of trademarks and licenses over their estimated useful lives, which are between 10 and 15
years. Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever any event or change in circumstances indicates that their
carrying amount may not be recoverable.
c) Computer software
Licences for computer software acquired from third parties are capitalised on the basis of the cost incurred in acquiring
them and preparing them to use the specific programme. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives
(from 4 to 10 years).
Expenses related to software maintenance are recognised as an expense when incurred.
3.2 Property, plant and equipment
Items included in property, plant and equipment are recognised at purchase price or production cost less accumulated
depreciation less recognised impairment losses, adjusted in accordance with Law 9/1983 of 13 July, promulgated by the
Administration. In addition, the Company applied the balance sheet restatement at 31 December, 1996, in accordance
with Royal Decree Law 7/1996 of 7 June.
The costs of expansion, modernisation or improvement of items included in property, plant and equipment are included in
the asset as an increase in its value only when they represent an increase in its capacity, productivity or useful life and
provided it is possible to know or estimate the carrying amounts of the elements that have been derecognised in the
inventory because they have been replaced.
Major repair costs are capitalised and are depreciated over their useful lives, while recurring maintenance expenses are
recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred.
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, except for land, which is not depreciated, is calculated systematically
using the straight-line method in accordance with the estimated useful lives, taking into account the actual impairment
suffered as a result of the use and enjoyment of the items. The estimated useful lives are:
Buildings - 40 years
Technical facilities and machinery – between 4 and 14 years
Other facilities, fittings and equipment and furniture – between 5 and 10 years
Other property, plant and equipment– between 4 and 5 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and, if appropriate, adjusted at each reporting date.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
10