Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
Deferred tax assets
The Group recognizes deferred tax assets and tax credits when they are likely to materialize in lower corporate income
tax payments in the future.
In order to determine the maximum amount that can be recognized by the Group overall in relation to the future tax effect
of these items, group Management considers only the estimated future results of subsidiaries whose track record clearly
indicates future profits and for which sufficiently reliable estimates may be made.
Although the estimates were made using the best information available on the events analysed at 31 December, 2017, it
is possible that future events will force them to change (upwards or downwards) over forthcoming reporting periods. This
would be done prospectively applying IAS 8, recognizing the effects of the change in estimates in consolidated profit and
loss.
4.2. Critical judgements in applying the accounting policies
Revenue recognition
The Group has recognized the total sales of goods marketed in 2017 and 2016 as revenue at face value and has, when
applicable, claimed late payment interest from the public authorities. The buyer has the right to return the goods sold.
The Group believes that, based on previous experience with similar sales, the level of returns will not be very meaningful
and, therefore, considers ordinary revenue recognition criteria to be met. The Group has therefore recognized ordinary
revenue for its sales together with the related provision against ordinary revenue for estimated returns. If the estimate
changes by 1%, changes in revenue will be not significant.
5. Segment reporting
The Group’s operating segments have been determined on the basis of the information used by the Management
Committee for decision making. This information is divided in accordance with whether it was generated by
manufacturing activities or marketing activities, irrespective of the geographical area where it took place. Therefore,
segment identification does not relate so much to geographical distribution of the business as to different types of
activity.
Thus, the segment called “manufacturing” obtains its income from service contracts that relate to the finalization of the
pharmaceutical product production process for external entities and the manufacture of products to be subsequently
marketed by other group companies, while the “marketing” segment has the principal activity of purchasing and
subsequently selling pharmaceutical products.
The heading “Other” includes other service that are not significant for the Group.
27