LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
At the d of 2018, ROVI was operating directly in the following countries:
o Spain, where a large part of its marketing operations are conducted, as well as al the manufacturing
services and R&D activities.
o France
o Portugal
o Italy
o Germany
o United Kingdom
In the last four of these countries, ROVI has corporate structures through which it carries out pharmaceutical product
marketing activities directly. In the case of the French subsidiary, product marketing had not commenced at 31
December, 2018.
As we have said, the ROVI Group is present directly in Spain, Portugal, Germany, France, United Kingdom and Italy.
Additionally, through strategic alliances with international partners, at the end of 2018, ROVI was distributing its principal
product, bemiparin, in more the 50 countries all over the world, as well as its enoxaparin biosimilar in France, Austria,
Latvia and Estonia.
Likewise, ROVI has one of the largest European plants for the manufacture of oral solid forms and exports to over 40
countries.
2.3.- The organisation’s objectives and strategies
In a complicated environment which, nevertheless, offers new opportunities, over the last few years, ROVI has been
getting ready to take advantage of the circumstances with:
1. The marketing of an enoxaparin biosimilar, which began in 2018 and with which ROVI aspires to become one
of the main European players, due to the competitive edge provided by the vertical integration of processes in
the Group. Likewise, the company hopes to increase its presence in emerging markets, where enoxaparin
sales total 500 million euros.
2. The development of drugs to treat complaints with high growth prospects. Currently, ROVI’s product portfolio
in the research and development phase focuses mainly on the development of new controlled-release
systems based on ISM® technology, as mentioned above.
3. Launching new products in the market.
Additionally, all the companies that form the ROVI Group are aware of the health improvements provided by their
products and wish to provide a response to certain social demands in relation to the impacts of their activities on society
and the environment. For this reason, ROVI’s economic development must be compatible with its conduct in respect of
ethics, society, employment, the environment and respect for human rights.
4