Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
• Amendments to the Conceptual Framework of International Financial Reporting Standards. In March 2018, the
IASB issued a revised version of the Conceptual Framework. The Conceptual Framework sets out a series of
basic concepts that guide the IASB in developing the standards and help to ensrue that the standards are
consistent and that similar transactions receive the same treatment. Furthermore, it also helps entities to
develop their accounting policies when there are no specific rules applicable to a transaction. The revised
Conceptual Framework includes a new chapter on measurement, improves definitions and guidance, and
clarifies important areas, such as prudence and measurement uncertainty. It is immediately applicable for the
IASB and will be applied to issuers who develop accounting policies based on the Conceptual Framework in
the annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2020. After its entry into force, ROVI will take this new
Conceptual Framework into account when applying accounting rules.
• IFRS 3 (Amendment) “Business Combinations”. In October 2018, the IASB issued a narrow-scope amendment
to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” to enhance the definition of “business”. This amendment will help
companies determine whether an acquisition made is of a business or a group of assets. Entities are required
to apply the amended definition of “business” to acquisitions made on or after 1 January, 2020. Early adoption
is permitted. ROVI will take the new definitions into account in the event of a transaction that requires this
determination to be made.
• IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Amendment). Definition of material. In October 2018, the IASB issued amendments to the
definition of material or relative importance. The amendments clarify the definition of material or relative
importance and make the IFRSs more consistent. These amendments must be applied to the annual periods
commencing on or after 1 January, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. ROVI will consider the new definition of
material but does not expect it to have a significant impact on the preparation of its financial statements.
• IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments”. This interpretation clarifies how to apply the recognition
and measurement requirements of IAS 12 “Income Taxes”. Under these circumstances, an entity will recognise
and measure its deferred or current tax asset or liability by applying the IAS 12 requirements to the taxable
profit (tax loss), taxe bases, unused tax losses, unused tax credits or tax rates determined by applying this
Interpretation. ROVI will apply this Interpretation when it becomes effective as of 1 January, 2019. The impact
is not expected to be significant.
• IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”. In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”, an integral
accounting standard for insurance contract, which includes the recognition, measurement, presentation and
disclosure of such contracts. The IFRS 17 model combines measurement of the current balance of insurance
liabilities with recogntion of the utility over the period for which the services are provided. This Standard has not
yet been endorsed by the European Union. ROVI will apply this Standard in the first financial statements issued
after it comes into force. The impact of its implementation is not expected to be significant for the Group.
2.3. Consolidation principles
(a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group holds control. The Group controls an
entity when it is exposed to or entitled to obtain variable yields from its involvement in the entity and is able to use its
power over said entity to influence these yields. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is
transferred to the Group and de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
16