Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
Additionally, an asset (or inventories) will be recognised for the costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer and
an accrual of expenses in the case of the incremental costs incurred in obtaining a contract with a customer, when, in both
these cases, it is expected to recover them.
At the first adoption on 1 January, 2021, the Company chose the practical solution of applying the new standard for new
contracts as of said date, electing not to restate the comparative information for 2020.
Furthermore, the entity decided to apply the practical solutions consisting of not considering the financing component to
be material when the payment period was less than one year and recognising the incremental cost of obtaining contracts
as an expense when the forecast period of allocation to profit and loss was one year or less.
Additionally, internal policies for revenue recognition were analysed for the different types of customer contracts, identifying
the performance obligations, the determination of the calendar for meeting these obligations and the transaction price and
its allocation, in order to identify possible differences with the revenue recognition model of the new standards. No material
differences were found and no performance obligations that gave rise to recognition of a liability for customer contracts
were observed.
The standard requires recognition of an accrued expense associated to the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with
a customer. On the basis of the evaluations performed at the date the new standard came into force, no expenses of this
type were observed in the Company.
3. Accounting policies
3.1 Intangible assets
a) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred, while the development costs incurred in a project are
recognised as intangible assets when the following requirements are met:
• the project is viable from a technical and commercial point of view,
• sufficient technical and financial resources are available to complete it,
• the costs incurred can be determined reliably, and
• profits are likely to be generated.
The Company considers that, in the case of the development of pharmaceutical products, the aforementioned requirements
are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new products developed
under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing authorisation is filed.
When the carrying amount of an asset is higher than its recoverable amount, its value is immediately written down to the
recoverable amount.
In the event that the favourable circumstances of the project that have allowed the development expenses to be capitalised
were to change, the portion that had not yet been amortised is taken to profit and loss in the reporting period in which the
change in circumstances took place.
b) Licences and trademarks
Product licences and trademarks are shown at acquisition cost. Those that have a finite useful life and are carried at cost
less accumulated amortisation and recognised impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method
to allocate the cost of trademarks and licenses over their estimated useful lives, which are between 10 and 15 years.
10