Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. However, deferred income tax is not recognised if it arises from initial
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction,
affects neither accounting nor tax profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using the rules and tax rates that have
been approved or are on the point of approval at the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be offset.
3.11 Employee benefits
a) Pension commitments
The Company holds a defined-contribution plan exclusively on behalf of certain employees.
A defined-contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity.
The Company has no legal, contractual or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold
sufficient assets to pay all the commitments assumed.
For defined-contribution plans, the Company pays contributions to privately- or publicly-managed pension insurance
plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. Once the contributions have been paid, the Company is not obliged
to make any further payments. The contributions are recognised as employee benefits when accrued. Contributions paid
in advance are recognised as an asset to the extent to which a cash refund or reduction in future payments is available.
The Company recognises a liability for contributions to be made when, at the end of the reporting period, contributions
have accrued but not been settled.
b) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Company before the normal retirement date, or
whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Company recognises
termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees
according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal; or providing termination benefits as a result of an
offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting
period are discounted to present value.
3.12 Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions for environmental restoration, restructuring costs and legal claims are recognised when the Company has a
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be
required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise lease
termination penalties and employee termination payments. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
16