Free translation of the 2019 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2019 Consolidated Management Report
ROVI will continue to provide information on the milestones deemed significant in this authorisation as the calendar for
registration of the medicine in the European Union advances, as well as the registration of the same medicine with the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which it is planned to commence in the second half of 2020.
2.3.2 ROVI announces the construction of a second heparin plant in Granada
ROVI informed about the future construction of a new manufacturing plant for the active substance of low-molecular-
weight heparins (“LMWH”), for which it has acquired industrial land in the Metropolitan Industry and Technology Park in
Escúzar (Granada). This investment reflects ROVI’s bet on becoming, through its two flagship products, bemiparin and
the enoxaparin biosimilar, one of the main European players in this market, which is worth approximately 1,400 million
euros1 worldwide.
This operation will require ROVI to make an investment of around 24 million euros over the next three years and will
double the ROVI Group’s LMWH production capacity. The investment is intended to guarantee ROVI’s future production
capacity and respond to the company’s strategic growth in the LMWH field. Once again, ROVI has chosen the province
of Granada and the Autonomous Region of Andalusia to continue with its expansion and development plans over the
forthcoming years. In a first phase until the year 2023, the construction of the new plant will create estimated net
employment of 38 jobs.
As of 30 June 2019, all the EU countries where ROVI had applied for approval of the national registration of its
enoxaparin biosimilar (26 countries) had approved registration and, in addition to the European countries, the company
had signed marketing agreements for the product in a further 83 countries. Likewise, the international presence of
bemiparin now covers 57 countries.
2.3.3 ROVI announces completion of the Clinical Trial Program that will support the application for marketing
authorization for Doria® for the treatment of schizophrenia
ROVI informed (by publication of the material event number 279907 dated 5th of July of 2019) about the conclusion of the
PRISMA-32 and BORIS3 studies, thus completing the Clinical Research Program for Risperidone ISM®, in which more
than 679 subjects participated. All the data collected and analyzed in this Program are included in the registration dossier
to apply for marketing authorization for Doria® for the treatment of schizophrenia in the European Union and United
States, in a first phase, and, subsequently, in other countries.
As the company announced on 19 March, 2019, the final results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 clinical study confirm the
superiority of Risperidone ISM®, a novel investigational antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia with once-
monthly injections, in comparison with the placebo. The prespecified primary efficacy endpoint in the study was the mean
total score on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) after twelve weeks. The reductions in comparison
with the baseline values obtained in the PANSS with monthly doses of 75 mg or 100 mg of Risperidone ISM® were
statistically higher than those observed with placebo (p<0.0001).
1 Estimates based on Sanofi-Aventis reported 2019 sales.
2 https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03160521. This clinical program has had the support of the Industrial Technological Development
Centre (“CDTI”).
3 https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03527186
7