Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
ROVI and EcoVadis are compiling the first assessment questionnaires and inviting other suppliers who are not assessed
by this platform to join.
As mentioned previously, attention should be drawn to the fact that more than 90% of the ROVI Group’s suppliers operate
in countries belonging to the European Union and those that carry on their activity outside the European Union enjoy
recognised prestige in the international community, meaning that supplier non-compliance in respect of human rights is
considered limited and controlled.
Additionally, regarding the environment, as mentioned above, ROVI is committed to making a joint effort with its suppliers
and contractors to minimise the impact of their activities on the environment and the risks derived for both their own safety
and health and the safety and health of their workers.
There is also a Supplier Engagement and Payment Policy, in order to establish a framework for relations with suppliers
and creditors that is shared by the whole organisation. It sets out the following: (i) suppliers with an annual volume of over
100,000 euros must always have a duly signed contract, (ii) it regulates how invoices should be sent and recorded, and
(iii) the means of payment accepted.
An aspect to highlight in supplier evaluations is that, in 2020, the on-site audits were replaced by remote audits (on-line)
to check that suppliers were operating in accordance with the national and local regulations that affect our products, that
there were no important breaches in respect of workplace safety and that there were no practices that violated the workers’
rights. Among other aspects, the auditors ensured that a safe working environment was provided, environmental legislation
was respected and employees were not subject to abuse or discrimination.
To complement the foregoing, due to the continuous revision and improvement of ROVI’s tax policies regarding tax evasion
and the prevention of money-laundering, the internal procedure concerning double taxation continues to be updated and
distributed. In 2020, internal training was given to company employees who deal with local and foreign suppliers, in order
to inform them on the importance of the residency certificate in relation to the Double Taxation Treaty and avoid running
any tax risks.
In 2020, ROVI strove to maintain adequate communication with both its existing and new suppliers, in line with its
Communication and Transparency Policy. In this respect, they were informed of the procedures for continual improvement
implemented to optimise and ensure the process of accounting for invoices, placing special emphasis on the management
of digital and electronic invoices, in order to optimise and accelerate both the recognition and payment of the invoices.
In accordance with the new processes implemented, in 2020, a communication was sent informing and/or reminding
suppliers of the procedure for sending invoices, giving details of the requirements, the incident management process and
the procedures aimed to optimise and accelerate the process for accounting for the invoices and the process for paying
them. This communication was sent to all new suppliers and to the existing suppliers where deemed appropriate.
45