Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2024 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2024
Under the terms of the agreement, ROIS will provide a high-speed production line at the ROIS’ San Sebastián de los
Reyes facility in Madrid, with an estimated annual capacity of 100 million units. The agreement includes the technology
transfer for aseptic filling and has a commercial production term of five years subject to the terms of the agreement,
beginning on the date of manufacture of the first commercial lot.
After the technology transfer and regulatory approval, commercial production is expected to commence in 2026. As from
2027, which is expected to be the first full recurrent manufacturing year, the ROVI´s Group CDMO division expects to
have a positive revenues increase impact ranging between 20% and 45% over 2023 sales.
ROIS is well-equipped to support the production of pre-filled syringes given its deep expertise in the current good
manufacturing practice (cGMP) production of sterile injectable products across both vials and pre-filled syringes.
Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: “We are delighted to be able to
support in the manufacture of medicine that is able to prolong the life of millions of people. Our proven experience in the
manufacture of high-valued-added injectables and the expansion of our production capacities have positioned us to help
meet the rapidly growing demand, which requires a high degree of technological capability.”
ROVI receives the FDA’s approval of Risvan® as a treatment for schizophrenia
ROVI informed (by publication of the other relevant information number 27772 dated 2nd April 2024) that the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) had authorised the marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and patented by ROVI for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults, which, as of the first injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does
not require loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
This approval is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the efficacy and safety of Risperidone
ISM® in schizophrenia1 patients. The results obtained in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg and 100 mg
once a month) have achieved the prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of patients with
moderate to severe symptoms of schizophrenia. The primary efficacy endpoint, the PANSS 2 total score (mean
difference, CI: 95%), improved significantly with Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85,
with adjusted differences of -13.0 (17.3 to -8-8; p <0.0001) and -13.3 (-17.6 to -8.9; p<0.0001), respectively, in
comparison with the placebo. Significantly improved mean changes for the secondary endpoint, the CGI-S3 score, were
also obtained for Risperidone ISM® in comparison with the placebo, -0.7 (-1.0 to -0.5; p<0.0001), for both doses, from
the beginning until day 85. The significant statistical improvement for both efficacy results was observed as early as 8
days after the first injection. The most frequently reported treatment-emergent adverse events were increased blood
prolactin (7.8%), headaches (7.3%), hyperprolactinemia (5%) and weight increase (4.8%). No important new or
unexpected safety information was reported. Likewise, patients who successfully completed the double-blind period were
offered the opportunity to continue in a long-term, open-label 12-month extension phase with once every four weeks
injections of Risperidone ISM® (75 mg or 100 mg). New, clinically stable patients ("de novo" patients) were also able to
enter this open phase of the study. Long-term treatment was observed to be effective, safe and well tolerated in adult
patients with schizophrenia, regardless the initial severity of the disease or whether they had been treated previously with
Risperidone ISM® during an acute exacerbation or switched from stable doses of oral risperidone4. Likewise,
Risperidone ISM® provided a swift and sustained improvement in functioning (both social and personal) and health-
related quality of life. These findings, together with a quick onset of effectiveness, could help strengthen the therapeutic
1 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020).
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-yCorrell, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute
exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
2 Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale: the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale is a medical scale based on a semi-structured interview that rates the severity of the symptoms of
schizophrenia patients in three domains: positive symptoms, negative symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms.Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale: the Positive and
Negative Syndrome Scale is a medical scale based on a semi-structured interview that rates the severity of the symptoms of schizophrenia patients in three domains: positive symptoms,
negative symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms.
3 Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale: la escala de Impresión Clínica Global–Gravedad rates the severity of schizophrenia through a question put to the doctor: “Considering your
total clinical experience with this particular population, how mentally ill is the patient at this time?”.
4 Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a 12-
month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2021 Nov 27;239:83-91.Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of once-monthly
Risperidone ISM® in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a 12-month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2021 Nov 27;239:83-91.
6