Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
5. HUMAN RIGHTS
5.1. Principal risks
The ROVI Group operates in Spain and the European Union (UK, Germany, Italy, France, Poland and Portugal) through
subsidiaries. Since these are territories with legislation that protects human rights more than sufficiently, no risks of this
nature that can derive directly from the ROVI Group’s activity have been identified.
In addition, more than 90% of the ROVI Group’s suppliers also operate in countries belonging to the European Union and
those that carry on their activity outside the European Union enjoy recognised prestige in the international community.
At any event, the ROVI Group considers that the main risk affecting the organisation in relation to human rights comes
from possible non-compliance in this respect on the part of a supplier.
Additionally, in the Crime Prevention Model, the possible existence of risks related to (i) criminal offences against foreign
citizens; and (ii) the offence of human trafficking, was analysed and it was concluded that these risks do not currently exist
within the ROVI Group’s organisation.
5.2. Policies and commitments
As may be seen from the Code of Ethics, ROVI is committed to actively supporting the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights and requires its employees to comply with the principles thereof in the course of the Group’s day-to-day activity.
ROVI combats practices contrary to human dignity and strives to prevent workplace discrimination.
ROVI upholds, by adopting and communicating it, the inclusion of the principles of the United Nations Global Compact, as
well as other international instruments, especially in the spheres of human rights, workplace practices, the environment
and the fight against corruption.
Additionally, the ROVI Group has a Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which establishes that all suppliers must respect the
protection of fundamental human and labour rights recognised internationally. Specifically, the Code of Ethics for Suppliers
requires all suppliers to comply with the following principles:
• Elimination of forced labour.
• Elimination of child labour.
• Respect for the right of association and collective bargaining.
• Equal opportunities and non-discrimination.
• The supplier must provide a fair work environment, free of any kind of violence.
• Respect for current legislation on working hours and remuneration.
35