Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
- Scholarship policy
For the ROVI Group, cooperation with universities and professional training centres is of key importance in recruiting new,
young talent for its teams. This is why the Group holds more than 20 agreements with Spanish universities at national
level, so that undergraduates in their last year and students studying for a Master’s degree or doctorate can carry out their
practical training in different areas of the Group, while professional training students can obtain their practical training
credits with ROVI.
85% of the people who have a scholarship at ROVI finally join the Group with a contract. The possibility for young talents
to train and ROVI’s investment in this training is indispensable in order to have a good reserve of talent for the future.
• 90% of the ROVI Group’s scholarships are remunerated
• 90% of the scholarship are full time
• 90% of the scholarships last for 6+6 months
The total number of hours of training distributed by professional group are shown below:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 0
TOTAL TOTAL Var.
2020 2019 Total
TOTAL HOURS OF
TRAINING BY 0.0 1,182.6 4,339.0 5,844.0 10,611.0 4,590.0 4,098.0 56.4 103.6 30,824.0 28,163.9 9%
PROFESSIONAL GROUP
*Professional Group in accordance with the XIX Chemical Industry Collective Agreement.
The number of hours shown refers to training actions recorded either in the quality system or with the State Foundation for
Training in Employment. In addition to the aforementioned, numerous training actions are carried out as part of normal job
dynamics.
4.6. Universal accessibility
Full social and workplace mainstreaming of persons with disabilities is hindered, firstly, by the physical obstacles to access
to the work environment. In addition, the difficulty in using tools, objects and products irrespective of the person’s technical,
cognitive or physical skills is a further hurdle. ROVI believes that full and complete mainstreaming requires both types of
barrier to be overcome.
To overcome the physical barriers, ROVI is endeavouring for the work centres where it carries on its activities to be
accessible for everyone safely, comfortably and independently. For this to materialise, the new plans for remodelling works
on work centre accesses include accessibility for persons with disabilities as one of the design premises.
To make the products marketed easier to use, they are labelled in Braille, so that the visually impaired can use them
autonomously. Thus, the purpose for which they were designed is fully attained. Likewise, ROVI adapts the workstation
and the work tools to the needs of the employees who are going to use them.
32