LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Julián Camarillo Complex:
• Reduction in consumption of plastic associated to medicine waste packaging by 20% in the period from August to
December 2024 (and hence a reduction in generation of the waste “medicine mixture for inertisation”).
• 3% reduction in generation of biosanitary waste compared to 2023.
• Reduction in generation of wash water waste by implementing technical and organisational measures in the current
waste management process.
• Implementation of technical measures in machinery to reduce rejected medicine waste.
Alcalá de Henares Complex:
• No plastic waste generation in the implementation of two new syringe packaging lines by using only paper and cardboard
as packaging materials. Work was carried out in this respect in 2024 and one of the new lines in undergoing the
validation process.
• 5% reduction is laboratory reagent waste.
San Sebastián de los Reyes Complex:
• 3% reduction in the generation of biosanitary waste compared to 2023.
• 10% reduction in the office consumption of paper for photocopies (due to decrease in waste copies/worker) compared to
2022.
Granada Complex:
• Reduction, compared to 2023, of the relative value (tonnes/year) of the “halogenated solvent” waste derived from the
LMWH manufacturing process.
• Reduction of “industrial paper” waste generated by disposable gowns used in the production areas and laboratory of the
complex. To this end, in 2024, ROVI considered the new hires who could use this type of gown and acquired cloth gowns
for all positions where use of disposable gowns was not indispensable.
• Reduction in “office paper” waste by reducing the amount of printing, as well as the waste produced at the photocopiers.
In this respect, in 2024, a personal identification system was implemented in the complex’s printers, intended to prevent
waste related to printed documents. Thus, analysing both the absolute figures and those relative to the number of
employees, the attainment of this objective can be confirmed.
Escúzar Complex:
• Reduction, compared to 2023, of the relative value (tonnes/year) of the “halogenated solvent” waste generated as a
result of the LMWH manufacturing process.
Furthermore, in 2024, the Group applied the Prevention and Ecodesign Business Plan (PEPE 2024-2028), in which
environmental and packaging management improvement measures were put in place for the period 2024-2028 in relation to
improving recycling and minimising the impact associated to packaging. The preparation of this Plan involved an expense of
€302.5 euros for ROVI.
Among the measures related to correct management of the useful life of medicines, the Group has adhered to SIGRE, an entity
responsible for ensuring appropriate environmental management of packaging and medicine waste generated in homes through
close collaboration between the pharmaceutical industry, pharmacies and pharmaceutical distribution companies. This initiative
involved total expenses of €88,303.92 for ROVI.
As a novelty, SIGRE has extended its services to become a mixed Collective System of Extended Producer Responsibility,
managing not only domestic packaging, but also the industrial and commercial part, to which ROVI adhered in 2024. Likewise,
due to the nature of its activity, the subsidiary ROVI Pharma Industrial Services (ROIS) is in the process of adhering solely to the
industrial part. This action involved payment of a pre-adhesion fee of €3,630 by the Group.
90