Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2024 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2024
The cost of sales is calculated as the amount of raw materials and consumables used plus that corresponding to the
changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress.
Gross profit
Gross profit is an indicator that measures the direct profit that ROVI obtains from carrying out its income-generating
activities.
We calculate gross profit as total revenue less cost of sales.
Gross margin or gross profit as % of operating revenue
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the direct profit that ROVI obtains from its operating revenue.
We calculate gross margin or gross profit as % of operating revenue as the percentage that the gross profit represents in
the revenue (operating revenue).
Research & Development ("R&D") Expenses
R&D expenses reflect expenses related to scientific research and technological development carried out by ROVI.
R&D expenses are calculated as the sum of employee benefits expenses and other operating expenses related to
scientific research and technological development.
SG&A Expenses
Selling, General & Administrative (SG&A) Expenses is an indicator that measures expenses related to the general
internal operations and management of the company.
SG&A calculated as the amount of employee benefit expenses plus other operating expenses plus work carried out by
the Group on non-current assets" minus research & development expenses.
EBITDA
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) is an indicator that measures the group’s
operating profit before interest, taxes, impairment, depreciation and amortization have been deducted. Management
uses it to assess the results over time, allowing a comparison with other companies in the sector.
We calculate EBITDA as profit before: taxes, interest, depreciation and amortization.
EBITDA margin or EBITDA as % of operating revenue
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the operating profit that ROVI obtains from its operating revenue
before interest, taxes, impairment, depreciation and amortization are deducted.
We calculate EBITDA margin or EBITDA as % of operating revenue as the percentage that the EBITDA represents in the
revenue (operating revenue).
EBITDA “Pre-R&D”
This APM is used by ROVI to show EBITDA from the on-going business.
We calculate EBITDA “Pre-R&D” as EBITDA excluding: R&D expenses and non-recurring income and expenses.
EBIT
15