Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
2.23 Dividend distribution
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated annual
accounts in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.
2.24 Health Tax
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by the Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January, 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in
Spain engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are officially prescribed in Spanish territory on
official National Health Service prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are
calculated on a scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48, subsequently amended by Additional
Provision 6 of Law 29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Group
records the accrued health tax as a sales discount when the sale is made. There is a provision at the end of the period
for the estimated amount accrued but unpaid and the possible adjustment of the tax to the actual sales for the period.
In 2010, the government approved two packages of measures to reduce pharmaceutical spending. The first one focused
on generic products, which are those out of patent, for which it established an average reduction of 25% in the selling
price to laboratories. The second package addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. Since that time, a 7.5%
discount has been applied to the selling price to the public. The Group recognises the amounts relating to these
measures as a decrease in sales.
Additionally, in 2016, a co-operation agreement was signed between Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical
industry association, to which ROVI belongs, and the Spanish government. This agreement was renewed until 31
December, 2019. ROVI, as a member of Farmaindustria, is subject to this agreement. According to the agreement, in the
event that public spending on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilars) exceeds the actual growth rate of the GDP
of the Spanish economy, the pharmaceutical industry must reimburse the government for said excess in cash. The
Group recognises the amounts related to this item as a decrease in sales. Although Farmaindustria and the Spanish
government have not yet signed a new co-operation agreement applicable to 2020, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry
and ROVI consider that the parties will finally reach an agreement affecting said period. Therefore, ROVI has recognised
the estimated amount of this item as a decrease in sales in 2020.
3. Financial risk management
3.1 Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange
risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of
the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the group Treasury Department following policies approved by the Board of Directors.
Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units.
The Audit Committee analyses written principles for global risk management, as well as written policies covering specific
areas, such as, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess liquidity.
26