Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
6.3.- Results of application of the policies
- Anti-corruption and anti-bribery measures
In addition to the policies described in the preceding section, the Group has the following measures in place:
• The Group has entrusted the management and supervision of crime risks to the Audit Committee, which, in turn,
has delegated the ordinary management of said risks to a Compliance Committee that advises the Group on
these matters and the Compliance Department. Both the Compliance Committee and the Compliance
Department have a charter that governs their operation and in which their obligations in this respect are
described.
• The ROVI Group has a Practice Surveillance Department the purpose of which is to monitor compliance with
the Code of Good Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry. Likewise, the Group is audited in this respect by an
independent auditor on a quarterly basis.
• The ROVI Group has an Ethics Channel through which all employees must notify any situation that may
represent a breach of i) current legislation; (ii) the standards and codes to which the ROVI Group has adhered
voluntarily, (iii) the Group’s internal policies, (iv) the Crime Prevention Model, or (vi) accounting and financial
standards. Said Ethics Channel has Regulations that were approved by the Board of Directors on November 7,
2017 and is managed by a Management Committee. Likewise, the Compliance Department reports periodically
to the Compliance Committee, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors on the communications received
through the Ethics Channel.
• The Crime Prevention Model is reviewed annually by an external consultant, who verifies its degree of efficacy
and suggests recommendations and improvements.
• The ROVI Group has a procedure for contract approval, which includes, among other items, a review by the
following departments: Legal, Intellectual and Industrial Property, and Compliance.
• The Group has a payment policy and a policy for per diem allowances and other expenses.
- Anti-money laundering measures
ROVI is considered a NON-obligated entity in the terms of article 2 of Spanish Law 10/2010 on the Prevention of Money
Laundering and Terrorist Financing.
However, ROVI has procedures in place to combat money laundering. All of them are listed below:
• The registration process for any new Group supplier requires submission of the following documentation: (i)
Spanish tax identification card or tax residency card for foreign suppliers, and (ii) bank account-holder’s
certificate. Additionally, a supplier registration form must be completed with other information.
• The registration of a new customer requires submission of the following documentation: (i) completion of the
new customer template, in which the following information is requested: corporate name, registered address,
contact details and bank details, (ii) copy of tax identification number or equivalent document, (iii) in the case of
customers of the medicine marketing area, a copy of the authorisation as a pharmaceutical product distributor is
likewise requested.
30