LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
In 2018, ROVI engaged the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L. to carry out a limited assurance review of
wage group indicators by professional classification in Group companies. The indicators related to the annual period
running from 1 April, 2017 to 31 March, 2018 and the reports were prepared on the basis of the methodology published
in January 2015 by the Ministry of the Presidency, Parliamentary Relations and Equality in relation to calculating the
gender pay gap.
The aforementioned indicators make a diagnostic analysis of the Group’s workforce to find out the differences in the
remuneration of men and women with the same jobs. The analysis of the indicators shows, according to the opinion of
the aforementioned auditor, that there is no gender-based pay discrimination or differences in remuneration that is not
based on personal factors (qualifications, work experience, length of service, etc.) or position (duties, degree of
responsibility, working hours, etc.).
- Disconnection from work
So that its employees can enjoy their time off effectively and conserve their personal and family privacy, ROVI foments
policies aligned with disconnection from work, avoiding communication with employees through any channel (telephone,
e-mail or any other) outside working hours unless there is an urgent, unforeseen need that cannot be met otherwise.
Likewise, meetings in the later part of the working day are avoided, in order to prevent overstepping working hours at the
end of the day and thus affecting the work-life balance.
- Employees with disabilities
ROVI is aware that the group of people with disabilities is one of the groups at risk of social exclusion with the greatest
difficulties in finding work. Additionally, we are convinced that the Company is enriched by the contribution of these
differently-abled people, who provide us with added value.
In line with the foregoing, ROVI is committed to mainstreaming people with disabilities at work and encourages hiring
them. Thus, at 31 December, 2018, 25 employees with disabilities were working for the Company, 20 of them formed
part of ROVI’s workforce directly, while 5 were working through temporary employment companies.
The Company holds an agreement with the Fundación Prodis whereby it conducts a supported employment programme
aimed at the workplace inclusion of persons with intellectual disabilities who are able to perform high-quality work when
they receive the necessary training and support.
In addition to the foregoing, ROVI carries out actions to foment the inclusion of this group in the workplace in two
spheres. First, within its activities related to Corporate Social Responsibility, it provides economic cooperation to various
non-profit entities that carry on their activities in the area of the workplace and social inclusion of persons with intellectual
disabilities. Likewise, Special Employment Centres are its service providers in several different areas of the Company’s
activity (to consult these two spheres of action, see the CSR section).
16