LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
advantage of the opportunities observed, once the targets and metrics of the ESG Master Plan (2023-2025) have been
updated when it expires in 2025.
Thus, it is ensured that the administrative, management and supervisory bodies are informed of the views and interests of the
stakeholders affected on the impacts generated by ROVI in relation to sustainability matters and are involved in the measures
to be taken to address such concerns.
◦ Disclosure Requirement SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and business model.
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the material impacts, risks and opportunities as
they result from the Group’s double materiality assessment.
In relation to material impacts, risks and opportunities, ROVI undertakes to provide detailed information under the relevant
topical ESRS. This information will include a brief description of the material impacts, risks and opportunities identified through
the assessment, specifying their place in the value chain and the relevant time horizons. Regarding impacts, the actual or
potential, negative or positive impacts on people and the environment will be described. The Group’s involvement in these
impacts, through either its own activities or its business relations will also be described.
Likewise, it is important to highlight the fact that all the IROs originate from or are related to the Group’s strategy and business
model, since an understanding of the Company and the sector was the principal basis for the assessment. Both the risks and
the opportunities identified in the double materiality assessment could impact the Group negatively or positively from a
economic-financial perspective and, therefore, it is essential to have control and mitigation mechanisms in place for the risks
and monitoring mechanisms to allow advantage to be taken of the opportunities.
Additionally, the Group has a Business Continuity Plan, designed in order to manage efficiently any incidents that affect the
availability of products and/or services in the different departments or business units of ROVI. This Plan defines the roles,
responsibilities and measures necessary to manage incidents efficiently, highlighting the importance of the internal and
external communication channels. Its main objectives include a swift recovery from continuity incidents, minimising the impact
of interruptions on critical technological services and providing guidance on responding to emergencies. Additionally, the Plan
helps determine the need or otherwise to activate protocols to resume services and recover operations, limiting the duration
of the incidents and the damage they cause.
As an essential part of this Plan, an assessment of business continuity risks was made to understand and address the
possible vulnerabilities that could affect ROVI’s operations. In the course of this assessment, a variety of business-specific
risks were identified that could have a significant impact on the ability to maintain the continuity of ROVI’s activities, processes
or services if a disruptive event were to occur due to materialisation of the threats assessed (of natural, human, technological
or supplier-related origin). The most significant threats were: pandemic, epidemic, disease, natural disasters, fire, power
outage, loss of external communication, toxic contamination, chemical or electrical explosion, strike or sabotage.
After the assessment, a response and recovery procedure was developed to address the unavailability of locations, human
resources, technologies and suppliers. Likewise, among the key preventive actions, the following may be highlighted: the
implementation of working from home, planning staggered shifts to reduce the concentration of people in one place, and a
review of critical personnel and suppliers to ensure the continuity of operations, among others.
Additionally, a brief summary of the material impacts, risks and opportunities is set out below, including a description of where
said IROs are concentrated in relation to the business model and the value chain.
To determine its material IROs and topics, ROVI used a methodology consisting of four main phases: understanding,
identification, assessment and understanding of IROs. This methodology will be explained in detail under Disclosure
Requirement IRO-1.
As a result of the IRO identification phase, nine of the ten topical ESRS have associated IROs on a preliminary basis, prior to
the assessment phase. The tenth topical ESRS, S3 Affected communities, was discarded during the understanding phase
21