Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
Under the equity method, interests in joint ventures are initially recognized at cost and are then adjusted to recognize the
Group’s share in post-acquisition profits and losses and other movements in other comprehensive income. When the
Group’s share in the losses of a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in joint ventures (including any long-term
interest that, substantially, forms part of the Group’s net investment in joint ventures), the Group does not recognize
additional losses unless it has acquired obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures.
Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
interest in the joint ventures. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence that the
assets transferred have suffered an impairment loss. The accounting policies for joint ventures have been modified
where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
2.4. Segment reporting
Operating segment reporting is presented consistently with the internal information presented to the chief decision-
making authority. The chief decision-making authority, which is responsible for allocating resources to the operating
segments and assessing the performance of said segments, has been identified as the Management Committee, which
makes the strategic decisions.
2.5. Foreign currency transactions
(a) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the Annual Accounts of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates ("the functional currency”). The Consolidated Annual Accounts are
presented in euros, which is the Group’s functional and presentation currency.
(b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates in force at the
transaction dates or, if the items have been remeasured, the measurement dates. Foreign currency losses and gains
that result from the settlement of these transactions and the translation of the monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies at the rates in force at the end of the reporting period are recognized in profit and loss,
except if deferred in other comprehensive income, as is the case with eligible cash flow hedges and eligible net
investment hedges. Foreign currency losses and gains relating to loans and cash and cash equivalents are presented as
“Finance income or expenses” in the income statement. Other foreign currency losses and gains are presented as “Other
net gains / (losses)”.
Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency and classified as available for sale are
analyzed considering the translation differences resulting from changes in the amortized cost of the security and other
changes in its carrying amount. Translation differences relating to variations in the amortized cost are recognized in proift
and loss and the other changes in the carrying amount are recognized in other comprehensive income.
Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equity instruments held at fair value through profit and loss, are
recognized in profit and loss as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items
measured at fair value, such as equity instruments classified as available-for-sale financial assets, are included in other
comprehensive income.
12