ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
C.1.32 State whether the audit firm provides any non-audit services to the company and/or its Group and, if so,
the fees paid and the corresponding percentage of the total fees invoiced to the company and/or Group
for auditing services:
[ √ ] Yes
[ ] No
Group
Company Total
companies
Amount invoiced for non-audit
18 0 18
services (thousand euros)
Amount invoiced for non-audit
12.08 0.00 7.47
services/Amount for audit work
(in %)
The fees charged by KPMG Auditores, S.L. for auditing services, audit-related services (limited review of the interim financial statements at 30 June 2020) and other
services rendered to Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and its subsidiaries in 2020 totalled €241,000 (€149,000 of which was for ROVI as parent company).
Other non-audit services include the work performed for the review of the internal control system for financial reporting and the review of compliance with financial
ratios for financing contracts. In addition, KPMG Auditores, S.L. provided enterprises related to the ROVI Group auditing services totalling €28,000.
In 2020, the services rendered by the firm to which KPMG Auditores, S.L. to review the non-financial information statements of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A.
and its subsidiaries totalled €18,000. The services rendered to enterprises related to the ROVI Group in this regard totalled €2,000.
C.1.33 State whether the auditors’ report on the financial statements for the preceding year contains a
proviso. If so, please explain the reasons given by the chairman of the audit committee to explain the
content and extent of the aforementioned proviso.
[ ] Yes
[ √ ] No
Explain reasons and insert link to document provided to shareholders at the time of the announcement on this subject.
The auditor’s opinion of the 2020 annual accounts contains no provisos.
C.1.34 State the number of consecutive years the current audit firm has been auditing the financial statements
of the company and/or group. Furthermore, state the number of years audited by the current audit
firm as a percentage of the total number of years that the financial statements have been audited:
Individual Consolidated
Number of consecutive years 4 4
Individual Consolidated
Number of years audited by the
current audit firm/Number of fiscal
12.90 16.67
years the company has been audited
(by %)
C.1.35 State whether there is a procedure whereby directors have the information necessary to prepare
the meetings of the governing bodies with sufficient time and provide details if applicable:
[ √ ] Yes
[ ] No
27 / 65