LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
General information
1. ESRS 2 General Information
This Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting (hereinafter, the “Report”) sets out
information on environmental, social and governance aspects of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. (hereinafter, “ROVI”,
“the Grupo”, “ROVI Group” or “the Company”) in order to disclose a faithful, relevant, understandable, comparable and
verifiable representation of how the Group addresses sustainability questions.
In this Report, the Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. seeks to comply with the content of Law
11/2018 on Non-Financial Information and Diversity and, voluntarily, with the requirements of Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive (CSRD1) and the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), developed by the European
Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG).
a. Basis for preparation
◦ Disclosure Requirement BP-1: General basis for preparation of the Report
The information disclosed in this document refers to the consolidated Group perimeter in accordance with the perimeter
included in its consolidated annual accounts for 2024. Likewise, all the consolidated subsidiaries are exempted from individual
or consolidated sustainability reporting (see article 19a and article 29a(8) of Directive 2013/34/EU). The corporate structure of
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. that is fully consolidated2 within the perimeter of this Report is set out below:
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi S.A. % shareholding
Rovi Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U. 100%
Pan Química Farmacéutica, S.A.U. 100%
Gineladius, S.L. 100%
Bertex Pharma GmbH 100%
Rovi Biotech sp.z.o.o. 100%
Rovi Escúzar, S.L.U. 100%
Rovi Biotech Limited 100%
Rovi Biotech, S.r.l. 100%
Rovi, GmbH 100%
Rovi, S.A.S. 100%
Rovi Biotech GmbH 100%
Glicopepton Biotech, S.L. 51%
The main objective of sustainability-related legislation is to ensure that users of the sustainability statement have transparent
and reliable information on the positive and negative impacts that the Company generates on society and the environment, as
well as the risks it should mitigate and the opportunities it can take. In this context, ROVI undertakes to break down,
throughout the Statement, the extent to which the assessment of the materiality of the impacts risks and opportunities (IROs)
includes both its own operations and the upstream and/or downstream value chain. Likewise, it undertakes to describe the
1 At the date of preparation of this Report, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) has not been transposed into Spanish legislation and the
period allowed for so doing has passed. In this respect, the Group presents its sustainability reporting in accordance with the ESRS voluntarily, following the
recommendations of the National Securities Market Commission (CMNV) in its communication dated 27 November 2024.
2 ROVI holds interests in a number of companies that are consolidated by the equity method. These companies belong to two main categories: joint
ventures and associated entities, the latter of which form part of the Group’s value chain.
1