LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
c. Alignment screening
After the process to identify the eligible activities pursuant to the Mitigation Annex.16 the following were analysed:
• Technical criteria for substantial contribution to climate change mitigation/adaptation.
• Causing no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives (DNSH).
• Minimum social safeguards.
The alignment screening of the activities was carried out considering the information provided by different departments of ROVI
in different business areas.
Technical criteria for substantial contribution to climate change mitigation:
In accordance with Annexes I and II and Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021, for each CapEx and OpEx item
associated to an eligible activity in 2024, compliance with the technical screening criteria for substantial contribution to climate
change mitigation set in said Annexes for each activity has been analysed. In this respect:
• For activity 7.3. “Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment”, eligible CapEx and OpEx items
meet both the applicable minimum requirements set out in the national transposition of Directive 2010/31/ EU and the
classification in the two highest classes of energy efficiency in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1369, when
applicable. Likewise, it was determined that each one of the items mentioned complies with at least one of the individual
measures set out in the regulations (see activity 7.3 in Annex I of the Delegated Regulation of 4 June 2021, specifically
the “Technical screening criteria” section).
• For activity 7.4. “Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings (and parking
spaces attached to buildings)”, Annex I of Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 does not establish any
additional requirements.
• For activity 7.5. “Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and
controlling energy performance of buildings”, it was determined that each one of the CapEx and OpEx items complies
with at least one of the individual measures established in the legislation (see activity 7.5 of Annex I of Delegated
Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021, specifically the “Technical screening criteria” section).
• For activity 7.6. “Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies”, it was determined that each
one of the CapEx and OpEx items complies with at least one of the individual measures established in the legislation
(see activity 7.6 of Annex I of Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June, 2021, specifically the “Technical screening
criteria” section).
◦ DNSH:
Pursuant to Annexes I and II of Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021, for each CapEx and OpEx item linked to an
eligible activity in 2024, compliance with the requirements (“Do no significant harm”) established in said Annex for each activity
was analysed. In this respect:
• For activity 7.3. “Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment”, all the eligible CapEx and OpEx
items comply with the requirements established in Appendix A17 and Appendix C18.
• For activity 7.4. “Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings (and parking
spaces attached to buildings)”, all eligible CapEx items meet the requirements established in Appendix A (see footnote
25).
• For activity 7.5. “Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and
controlling energy performance of buildings”, all eligible CapEx and OpEx items meet the requirements established in
Appendix A (see footnote 17).
16 As mentioned at the beginning of this chapter, ROVI is not disclosing the alignment of the Pollution Annex activities in 2024 because they do not comply
with the principle of “do not significant harm” to the rest of the environmental objectives (no water footprint analysis is available).
17 ROVI has an analysis of physical climate risks and an adaptation plan for the risks identified as material. For further details, see IRO-1 and SBM-3 of ESRS E1
Climate Change.
18 None of the activities has given rise to the manufacture, commercialisation or use of any of the substances listed in Appendix C.
52