Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
3. Accounting policies
3.1 Intangible assets
a) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred, while the development costs incurred in a project are
recognised as intangible assets when the following requirements are met:
– The project is viable from a technical and commercial point of view.
– Sufficient technical and financial resources are available to complete it.
– The costs incurred can be reliably determined, and
– Profits are likely to be generated.
The Company considers that, in the case of the development of pharmaceutical products, for new products developed
under patent, the aforementioned requirements are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health
authorities or, for biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing authorisation is filed.
When the carrying amount of an asset is higher than its recoverable amount, its value is immediately written down to the
recoverable amount.
In the event that the favourable circumstances of the project that have allowed the development expenses to be
capitalised were to change, the portion that has not yet been amortised is taken to profit and loss in the reporting period
in which the change in circumstances takes place.
These assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. The
Company considers it will obtain a positive return on the aforementioned development over said period.
b) Licences and trademarks
Product licences and trademarks are shown at acquisition cost. Those that have a finite useful life are carried at cost less
accumulated amortisation less recognised impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to
allocate the cost of trademarks and licenses over their estimated useful lives, which are between 10 and 15 years.
Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever any event or change in circumstances indicates that their
carrying amount may not be recoverable.
c) Computer software
Licences for computer software acquired from third parties are capitalised on the basis of the cost incurred in acquiring
them and preparing them to use the specific programme. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives
(from 4 to 10 years).
Expenses related to software maintenance are recognised as an expense when incurred.
3.2 Property, plant and equipment
Items included in property, plant and equipment are measured at purchase price or production cost less accumulated
depreciation less recognised impairment losses, adjusted in accordance with Law 9/1983 of 13 July, promulgated by the
Administration. In addition, the Company applied the balance sheet restatement at 31 December 1996, in accordance
with Royal Decree Law 7/1996 of 7 June.
The costs of expansion, modernisation or improvement of items included in property, plant and equipment are included in
the asset as an increase in its value only when they represent an increase in its capacity, productivity or useful life and
provided it is possible to know or estimate the carrying amounts of the elements that have been derecognised in the
inventory because they have been replaced.
Major repair costs are capitalised and are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, while recurring maintenance
expenses are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred.
9