4
(Translation from the original in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails.)
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Annual Accounts ______________
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report
that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with prevailing legislation regulating the audit of accounts in Spain will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these annual accounts.
As part of an audit in accordance with prevailing legislation regulating the audit of accounts in Spain,
we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We
also:
– Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the annual accounts, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
override of internal control.
– Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control.
– Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors2.
– Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the annual accounts or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions
may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
– Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the annual accounts, including the
disclosures, and whether the annual accounts represent the underlying transactions and events
in a manner that achieves a true and fair view.