LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Sub-topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
Management <
of relations
Own with suppliers, Ethics channel available to suppliers and other business Positive 1
operations including partners to report non-compliant conduct. impact
Actual < 1 year
payment y
practices e
a
Management <
of relations
Own with suppliers, Policy on Supplier Contracting and Payment, homogeneity Positive 1
operations including and efficiency in keeping supplier accounts. impact
Actual < 1 year
payment y
practices e
a
Own Corporate R&D area: projects for automation of ISM® technology and
Opportunity Potential 1-5 years
operations culture improvement in heparin manufacturing.
In relation to the complete double materiality process followed by ROVI to determine the material impacts, risks and
opportunities related to the administrative, management and supervisory bodies, see Disclosure Requirement IRO-1 of ESRS 2.
◦ Disclosure Requirement G1-1: Business conduct policies and corporate culture
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the policies of ROVI with respect to business
conduct and corporate culture.
The values on which ROVI’s corporate culture is based are established in the corporate Code of Ethics and, to ensure an
understanding of and compliance with this Code, the Group promotes these values through specific training and
communications. In 2024, online training was carried out through the Campus ROVI platform, which makes learning both easy
to access and flexible. Attention should be drawn to the fact that, each year, the Company develops a compliance training plan
that specifies the people who will be trained and the aspects on which they will receive training, thus ensuring a personalised
and effective approach.
Likewise, the Group has an Ethics Point at all the work centres, where informational leaflets on relevant topics are available,
such as the Code of Ethics and the Ethics Channel. Additionally, a communication campaign on compliance is carried out
annually. In 2024, this campaign focused on data protection and was disseminated by emails and in messages on the screens
located at the work centres. Mention should be made of the fact that these screens show changing information, including
content from previous campaigns, thus ensuring continuous access to key topics.
In 2024, ROVI, in collaboration with the consulting firm Lukkap, conducted a study on employee experience. This study was
carried out using questionnaires addressed to a number of company workers in order to find out their views on different human
resource-related aspects. In this respect, in terms of active listening, individual manager-employee meetings are held annually
to share, among other things, the views and alignment of the workers in relation to Group corporate culture.
ROVI also has both physical and digital mailboxes to receive suggestions for improvement or complaints in accordance with the
requirements of the standard SA-8000. The Group likewise has an Ethics Channel, consisting of a communication channel
available to both employees and any other stakeholders, through which any irregularity concerning regulatory compliance or
ethical conduct must be reported.
Furthermore, each year, the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) area organises different corporate volunteering
activities to encourage the workers to get to know non-profit entities whose work is aimed at integrating persons with disabilities
through inclusive leisure activities. These activities favour a closer bond with the entities to which ROVI has made a commitment
and promote employee alignment with these charitable causes.
Another initiative organised by the CSR area to foster corporate culture concerns the charity sports events, such as charity runs
and walks in Granada and Madrid, or the charity padel tournament organised for the first time in 2024 in collaboration with
Fundación A la Par in Madrid. All these activities are received positively by the employees since, in addition to allowing them to
142