Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
Knowledge sharing
• TedxTalks Realejo, a local conference event the topics of which focus on innovation and entrepreneurship,
based on different types of personal experiences. On 25 May, 2019, the first edition of these talks was held in
Granada and was sponsored by ROVI.
• IV OCARE Prizes (Observatory of Corporate Responsibility Communication and Action), which recognized the
best communication campaigns by companies in the CSR area and that, for a further year, was sponsored by
ROVI.
Corporate volunteering and charity races
Through many of these foundations, the corporate volunteering activities available have expanded, so that ROVI
employees can get to know the world of disability first-hand, thanks to our inclusive sports events, such as the Adaptive
Skiing Campus in Sierra Nevada (Granada), the Adaptive Descent of the River Sella (Asturias), the VIII “Madrid También
Solidario” Sponsored Race, the adaptive cycling route through the Anillo Verde (Green Ring) in Madrid or the Multisports
Day (Madrid)
In 2019, ROVI began to co-operate with Apadis, an association of relatives of people with intellectual disabilities in San
Sebastián de los Reyes, by organizing a corporate volunteering activity in which a group of employees and their families,
together with volunteers from the foundation, painted the entrance hall of its occupational centre in San Sebastián de los
Reyes.
Additionally, in line with the promotion of a healthy lifestyle and the practice of sports, during 2019 ROVI continued to co-
operate with charity races and emblematic events, such as:
• VII Charity Race for Mental Health, of Fundación Manantial (17 February), Madrid.
• II Medicusmundi Charity Race, of Medicusmundi Sur (1 June), Granada.
• “Crossing the Line” Race, of the Granada Red Cross (20 October), Granada.
• 8th “Madrid También Solidario” Race, of Fundación También (28 October), Madrid.
• XX Carrera de las Empresa (“Companies Race”) of Actualidad Económica (15 December), Madrid.
In 2019, 121 ROVI employees took part in one of the activities programmed by the CSR area. 16.5% of them participated
in two or more volunteering activities during 2019.
Donations Committee
During 2019, ROVI continued the work of the Donations Committee, which channels the requests for co-operation that
ROVI receives from healthcare organisations and social or humanitarian entities. Its mission is to review each application
and check that it complies with current legislation, the Code of Good Practices of the Pharmaceutical Industry and
ROVI’s Code of Ethics. From among the social and humanitarian proposals approved by the Donations Committee in
2019, the following may be highlighted:
- International co-operation
• Fundación Recover, cooperating with its programs to improve healthcare in Africa.
33