Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
- An increase of, approximately, 0.1 million euros in the cash flows from operating activities, as the result
of the increase in the gross operating profit, offset by a decrease of the same amount in the cash flows
from financing activities, since the reimbursement of the portion of the principal of the lease liabilities
would be classified as cash flows from financing activities, meaning that the generation of cash would
not be affected.
• Amendments to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”: “Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation”.
According to this amendment, effective 1 January, 2018, financial assets that can be prepaid with compensation
may be measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income. ROVI will take this
amendment into account if any asset with these features is prepaid.
c) Standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that cannot be adopted early or that have not been
endorsed by the European Union.
At the date of signature of these Consolidated Annual Accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the standards, amendments and interpretations described below which have not yet been endorsed by the
European Union. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group:
• IAS 28 (Amendment), “Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures ”. This amendment clarifies that an
entity will apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to long-term interests before the allocation of losses and impairment
of IAS 28. When applying IFRS 9, the entity will not take any adjustments to the carrying amount of long-term
interests as a consequence of the application of IAS 28 into account. ROVI will apply this Interpretation when it
enters into force. The impact is not expected to be significant.
• Annual Improvements to IFRS 2015–2017 Cycle. The amendments affect IAS 12, IAS 23 and IAS 28. The main
amendments that may apply to the Group refer to:
o IAS 12, "Income Taxes”. Clarification of the income tax consequences of payments on financial
instruments classified as equity.
o IAS 23, “Borrowing Costs”. The basic principle of this improvement is that borrowing costs directly
attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets form part of the cost of
said assets. Other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense.
o IAS 28, “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”. This states that an entity will also apply IFRS 9
to other financial instruments in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied.
• IAS 19 (Amendment) “Employee Benefits”. This amendment requires the entity to use updated assumptions to
determine current service cost and net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the
amendment, curtailment or settlement of a plan, and to recognise any reduction in a surplus in profit and loss
as part of the cost of a past service or a gain or loss on the settlement, even if the surplus has not been
recognised previously due to the impact of the asset ceiling. ROVI will take this amendment into account in the
event of a change in the plans for employees.
15