ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
any other nature, related to the company, that they notice within the company or its group. This
mechanism must guarantee confidentiality and enable communications to be made anonymously,
respecting the rights of both the complainant and the accused party.
d) In general, ensure that the internal control policies and systems established are applied effectively
in practice.
2. With regard to the external auditor:
a) In the event that the external auditor resigns, examine the circumstances which caused said
resignation.
b) Ensure that the remuneration paid to the external auditor for its work does not
compromise the quality of the work or the auditor’s independence.
c) Insist that the company file through the CNMV when there is a change of auditor, along with a
statement on any differences that arose with the outgoing auditor and, if applicable, the contents
thereof.
d) Ensure that the external auditor holds an annual meeting with the board of directors in plenary
session in order to make a report regarding the tasks accomplished and regarding the development of
its accounting and risks faced by the company.
e) Ensure that the company and the external auditor comply with applicable rules regarding the
rendering of services other than auditing, proportional limits on the auditor’s billing, and all
other rules regarding the auditor’s independence.
Complies [ X ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ]
43. That the audit committee may require the presence of any employee or manager of the company,
even without the presence of any other member of management.
Complies [ X ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ]
44. That the audit committee be kept abreast of any corporate and structural changes planned by the company in
order to perform an analysis and draft a report beforehand to the board of directors regarding economic
conditions and accounting implications and, in particular, any exchange ratio involved.
Complies [ ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ] Not applicable [ X ]
45. That the risk management and control policy identify or establish, as a minimum:
a) The various types of financial and non-financial risks (among those operational, technological, legal,
social, environmental, political and reputational and risks relating to corruption) which the company
faces, including financial or economic risks, contingent liabilities and other off balance sheet risks.
b) A risk control and management model based on different levels, of which a specialised risk committee
will form part when sector regulations provide or the company deems it appropriate.
c) The level of risk the company considers acceptable.
d) Means identified in order to minimise identified risks in the event they transpire.
e) Internal control and information systems to be used in order to control and manage identified risks,
including contingent liabilities and other off balance sheet risks.
Complies [ X ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ]
58 / 65