APPENDIX 2
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) taken from our financial statements, this
document includes certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as defined in
the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) Guidelines on Alternative
Performance Measures of 5 October, 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415), as well as some non-IFRS
financial indicators. The financial measures contained in this document that are
considered APMs or non-IFRS financial indicators have been prepared on the basis of
the ROVI Group’s financial information but are not defined or set out in detail within the
framework of the applicable financial information and have not been audited or
reviewed by ROVI's auditors.
These APMs are considered figures that have been adjusted in respect of those that are
presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU), which form the applicable accounting
framework for the consolidated financial statements of the ROVI Group. Therefore, the
reader should consider them to complement the latter but not to replace them.
We use these APMs and non-IFRS financial indicators to plan, oversee and assess our
performance. We consider the APMs and non-IFRS financial indicators to be useful to
allow the management team and investors to compare the past or future financial
performance, the financial situation and the cash flows. Notwithstanding, these APMs
and non-IFRS financial indicators are considered complementary and are not intended
to replace IFRS measures. Furthermore, other companies, including some in ROVI's
sector, may calculate such measures differently, which reduces their usefulness for
comparative purposes.
This document contains information on the alternative performance measures (APMs)
and non-IFRS financial indicators used, including their definitions and a reconciliation
between the applicable management indicators and the financial information set out in
the consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRSs. The document is available
on ROVI's website and may be accessed on the following link: (https://www.rovi.es/en/
shareholders-investors/financial-business-information).
In this respect, in accordance with the Guidelines issued by the European Securities and
Markets Authority (ESMA), in force since 3 July, 2016, in relation to the transparency of
Alternative Performance Measures, ROVI provides below information concerning the
APMs it considers significant that are included in this press release:
• Operating revenue
This APM shows the revenue that the group generates from its main business activities.
Operating revenue refers to revenue.
35