Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
3. ENVIRONMENT
3.1.- ROVI’s objective in relation to performance concerning environmental variables
ROVI’s commitment to environmental protection is firm and constant and forms part of its day-to-day activity. Together
with the principles of quality and occupational safety for protection of ROVI’s employees, the Company assumes care of
the environment as an indispensable foundation for its actions.
In this respect, ROVI carries on its activity with the firm commitment of contributing to sustainability from an
environmental standpoint, which materialises through pollution prevention, efficient resource management and fomenting
responsibility in respect of the environment in accordance with the Group’s Environmental Policy.
By defining environmental objectives and goals, ROVI undertakes to improve day by day, upholding a firm vision of a
more sustainable future in which to develop. The main goals that ROVI has defined in relation to the environment are:
- Attaining efficient energy management, rationalizing the use of natural resources.
- Promoting the best guidelines for risk and waste management, including the principles of risk prevention, waste
minimization and, whenever possible, recycling in its activities.
- Obtaining certifications of the environmental management systems. At present, the environmental management
systems of the Group companies Rovi Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U. and Laboratorios Farmacéuticos
ROVI S.A. are certified under the standard ISO14001:2015.
Additionally, ROVI is committed to making a joint effort with its suppliers and contractors to minimise the impact of their
activities on the environment and the risks derived for safety and health, both in the environment and for their workers.
3.2.- Main environmental risks that affect the organisation
ROVI has a corporate Risk and Opportunity Management Procedure, the objective of which is to define a work method
that allows environmental risks and opportunities to be identified, together with an action plan to address them and the
planning and review of the resulting actions, taking the context of the organisation and the stakeholders into account.
This procedure is applied to all the activities carried on by any of the Group’s plants and/or companies, including internal
and external factors that affect or may exert an influence on the preparation of the product, provision of the service
and/or operational control.
In accordance with the corporate Risk and Opportunity Management Procedure, the Company detects the risks and
opportunities related to:
• Environmental aspects.
• Legal and regulatory requirements.
• Other questions and requirements related to the organisation and its context, and the needs and expectations of
stakeholders.
7