Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
b.1) Revenue recognition
b.1.1) Sales of goods
The Company has recognised the total sales of goods marketed in 2021 as revenue and, where applicable, has claimed
late-payment interest from the public authorities. The buyer has the right to return the goods sold. Although the Company
believes that, based on previous experience, the level of returns will not be very meaningful, ROVI has recognised ordinary
revenue for its sales together with the related provision against ordinary revenue for estimated returns. If the estimate
changes by 1%, changes in revenue will not be significant.
b.1.2) Sales of services
The main services provided by the Group consist of manufacturing services for third parties. In these services, control is
deemed to be transferred to the customer and the service obligations are deemed to have been completed on the basis of
the percentage of completion of the work performed according to the defined milestones. If the percentage of completion
includes a determined acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised until they are finally installed.
Occasionally, before providing the manufacturing service, ROVI, in accordance with certain defined milestones, carries out
work to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities and machinery –which may be either its own or acquired or subcontracted
from third parties– without which it would not be possible to provide the service under the conditions required by the
customers. If the final cost of this work is paid by the customer, ROVI recognises the revenue from the service provided on
the basis of the percentage of completion of the work performed. If the percentage of completion includes a determined
acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised until they are finally installed.
Determining the percentage of completion of the service provision takes account of Management’s best estimate regarding
meeting the defined milestones and the costs incurred and yet to be incurred in relation to the work to be performed.
Likewise, the Company must make a technical evaluation of whether the work to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities
and machinery has been performed when determining the time at which they are ready for production.
b.2) Capitalisation of development expenses
The Company considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, an enoxaparin biosimilar, has
met all the requirements since the last quarter of 2014, when the application to obtain marketing authorisation for this
biosimilar in Europe was filed with the European health authorities. Therefore, from that time until the beginning of the
effective marketing of this biosimilar in Europe, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalised. The
commencement of the amortisation of this asset was determined by the completion, with a favourable result, of the
decentralised procedure used by the Company to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union countries
in the first quarter of 2017. These assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical
product patents. ROVI considers that it will obtain a positive return on the aforementioned development over said period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Company considers that the
requirements established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
b.3) Co-operation Agreement between the government and Farmaindustria
As a member of Farmaindustria, ROVI holds a commitment to assume and pay part of the interannual increase in the
pharmaceutical spending of the Autonomous Communities, in accordance with reimbursement mechanisms established
between the parties for each year.
The amounts payable estimated by Management are based on the evolution of public spending on medicines (excluding
generics and biosimilars) and the Company’s market share, among other factors.
8