Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the computer software include the costs of the employees
developing said programmes and an appropriate percentage of overheads.
Expenses that do not meet these criteria are recognised as expenses when incurred. Expenditure on an intangible asset
initially recognised in profit and loss will not subsequently be recognised as intangible assets.
Computer software has a useful life from 4 to 10 years.
c) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred. Costs incurred in development projects (relating to the
design and testing of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when the following requirements are
met:
• It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so it can be available for use or sale;
• Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
• There is the capacity to use or sell the intangible asset;
• It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the future;
• There are the proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or
sell the intangible asset; and
• It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
The Group considers that, in the case of the development of pharmaceutical products, the aforementioned requirements
are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new products developed
under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing authorisation is filed.
The cost of assets generated internally by the Group is measured following the same principles as established for
determining the production cost of inventories. Production costs are capitalised by crediting the costs attributable to the
asset to accounts under the heading “Work performed by the Group on non-current assets” in the consolidated income
statement (consolidated statement of comprehensive income).
These assets have a useful life of 20 years, consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI expects to
obtain a positive return on the development during said period.
2.8 Borrowing costs
General and specific interest costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
assets, which are those that necessarily require a substantial time period before they are ready for their planned use or to
be sold, are added, if applicable, to the cost of these assets until the time when said assets are substantially ready for their
intended use or to be sold.
Finance income obtained from the temporary investment of specific loans while they are waiting to be used on the qualifying
assets are deducted from capitalizable interest costs.
The rest of the interest costs are expensed in the annual period in which they are incurred.
2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life and those that are not in a usable condition are not amortised and are
tested annually for impairment. Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value
less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
for which there are separately identifiable cash flows that are largely independent (cash-generating units). Previous
13