Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Commitment to training
In order for qualified students to enter a work environment and improve their skills, knowledge and experience, ROVI has
a training programme underway in the organisation. In this respect, there are collaboration agreements with 73 educational
centres (universities, institutes, centres imparting official training programmes and business schools) all over Spain. This
practical training helps students to start their working life in a professional work environment. In 2020, ROVI awarded
scholarships to 33 people, 7 of whom obtained an employment contract with the Group after their scholarship had ended.
7.2. Subcontracting and suppliers
The Group’s General Corporate Social Responsibility Policy establishes a course of action in relation to suppliers that
allows them to find in ROVI a partner for mutual benefit. For ROVI, It is indispensable to ensure a supply chain that respects
the principles of corporate social responsibility assumed by the ROVI Group. For this reason, ROVI undertakes to promote
CSR-related values among its suppliers and subcontractors of goods and services.
Suppliers are a stakeholder group of strategic interest in relation to the Group’s activities. For this reason, ROVI has put in
place a series of specific action principles aligned with the ROVI’s principles and values and intended to reinforce the
sustainability and competitive edge of the value chain.
As stated in preceding sections, the ROVI Group has a Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which establishes that all suppliers
must respect the protection of fundamental human and labour rights recognised internationally. Specifically, the Code of
Ethics for Suppliers requires all suppliers to comply with the following principles:
• Abolition of forced labour.
• Abolition of child labour.
• Respect for the right of association and collective bargaining.
• Equal opportunities and non-discrimination.
• The supplier must provide a fair work environment, free of any kind of violence.
• Respect for current legislation on working hours and remuneration.
In addition to the aforementioned Code, ROVI has a supplier selection and monitoring policy that includes a list of the
criteria used to select each type of supplier. The procedure provides for an initial evaluation and another periodic
evaluation. It is used to draw up a list of approved suppliers, kept by the Quality Department.
Among the criteria it includes, ROVI maintains a constant focus on equal opportunities, occupational safety or care of the
environment and invites all its suppliers to guarantee these factors and to declare their commitment to basic principles of
ethics and professional conduct. To do this, in the same way as ROVI develops them internally, it tries to involve suppliers
and subcontractors in the adoption of the best corporate social responsibility practices in order to regulate their activities
in accordance with the standards included in the certifications SA-8000, SGE-21 or similar. In this respect, in 2020, ROVI
adhered to the EcoVadis platform, a tool that allows assessments of the corporate social responsibility of Group suppliers
to be conducted and areas for improvement and corrective actions to be identified. At the time of preparation of this report,
44