Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
b) Termination payments
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date, or whenever
an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises these benefits on the earlier
of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of said benefits; or (b) when the entity recognises
restructuring costs within the scope of IAS 37 and this means termination benefits must be paid. When an offer is made in order
to encourage voluntary redundancies on the part of the employees, the termination benefits are measured in accordance with
the number of employees who are expected to accept the offer. The benefits that will not be paid within the twelve months
following the end of the reporting period are discounted back to their present value.
c) Bonus obligations
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on the estimates of fulfilment of certain corporate targets
established for employees.
2.20 Provisions
Provisions are defined as credit balances that cover current obligations arising from past events, settlement of which is likely to
give rise to an outflow of resources but for which the amount and/or time of settlement have not been determined.
The statement of financial position shows all the provisions for which it is considered more likely than not that the obligation will
have to be settled. If a contingent liability exists, it is not recognised in the accounts but is reported in the Notes.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in
the provision when updated is recognised as a finance cost as accrued.
Provisions maturing at one year or less that do not have a significant financial effect are not discounted.
When a portion of the payment necessary to settle the provision is expected to be reimbursed by a third party, the
reimbursement is recognised as an independent asset provided it is almost certain to be received.
Provisions for restoration of the environment, restructuring costs and litigations are recognised when the Group has a legal or
substantive current obligation as the result of past events, an outflow of resources is likely to be necessary to settle the
obligation, and the amount can be estimated reliably. Restructuring provisions include penalties for lease cancellation and
termination payments to employees. No provisions are recognised for future operating losses.
2.21 Revenue recognition
The Group recognises revenue for the amount of the transaction price corresponding to the considerations the Group expects to
be entitled to receive for the transfer of goods or provision of services to a customer and other revenue obtained in the ordinary
course of the Group’s activities promised to a customer. These may be fixed or variable amounts or a combination of the two.
Revenue is presented net of value-added tax, returns, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.
The Group recognises revenue when it satisfies an obligation by transferring goods or services to the customer and the latter
obtains control of said asset. At the beginning of the contract, the Group determines whether it will settle the obligations over a
period of time or at a point in time, depending on the specific conditions for each one of the Group’s activities, as described
below.
In accordance with IFRS 15, the Group follows the five-step model to determine when and how much revenue should be
recognised. The steps are as follows:
– Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
– Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
– Determine the transaction price.
– Allocate the price to the performance obligations in the contract.
– Determine the criterion for revenue recognition when a performance obligation is satisfied..
18