Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
will evaluate the content of its consolidated annual accounts in accordance with the new definition of material,
although no significant changes are expected.
• Amendments to the conceptual framework of IFRS. The revised version of the Conceptual Framework sets out
a series of basic concepts that guide the IASB in developing the standards and helps to ensure that the
standards are consistent and that similar transactions receive the same treatment. Furthermore, it also helps
entities to develop their accounting policies when there are no specific rules applicable to a transaction. The
revised Conceptual Framework includes a new chapter on measurement, improves definitions and guidance,
and clarifies important areas, such as prudence and measurement uncertainty. It will apply to annual periods
commencing on or after 1 January, 2020 to issuers who develop accounting policies based on the Conceptual
Framework.
c) Standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that cannot be adopted early or that have not been
endorsed by the European Union.
At the date of signature of these Consolidated Annual Accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the standards, amendments and interpretations described below which have not yet been endorsed by the
European Union. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group:
• IFRS 3 (Amendment) “Business Combinations. In October 2018, the IASB issued a limited-scope amendment
to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” in order to improve the definition of “business”. This amendment will help
companies to determine whether they have acquired a business or a group of assets. Entities are required to
apply the amended definition of “business” to acquisitions made on or after 1 January, 2020. Early adoption is
permitted. ROVI will take the new definitions into account in the event that a transaction requiring this
determination to be made takes place.
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAC 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” and IFRS 7
“”Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (Amendment): Reform of interest rate benchmarks. This amendment
changes the specific requirements of hedge accounting, assuming that the interest rate benchmark on which
the hedged cash flows are based and the cash flows of the hedging instrument will not change as a result of
the interest rate benchmark reform. The entry into force of this amendment is not expected to have a material
impact for ROVI.
2.3. Consolidation principles
(a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group holds control. The Group controls an
entity when it is exposed to or entitled to obtain variable yields from its involvement in the entity and is able to use its
power over said entity to influence these yields. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is
transferred to the Group and de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
The Group uses the purchase method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for
acquisition of a subsidiary corresponds to the fair value of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred with the previous
owners of the acquiree and equity instruments issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value
of any asset or liability coming from a contingent consideration agreement. Identifiable assets acquired and identifiable
liabilities and contingencies assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their acquisition-date fair value.
13