Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2024 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2024
On 29 March 2024, ROVI reported that the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had authorised the
marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. Additionally, following normal
practice, the FDA has required that, as a post-marketing commitment, a pharmacokinetic study be conducted to evaluate
exposure to Risvan® approximately equivalent to the daily administration of 6 mg of oral risperidone. The clinical protocol
for the study will be reviewed and agreed previously with the FDA and the final report on the clinical study will be
submitted by July 2026. This additional study does not affect approval or commercialization.
Likewise, ROVI’s R&D team is progressing in the development of a new formulation of Risperidone for a 3-monthly
injection, which would complement the current 4-weekly formulation of Risperidone ISM® for the maintenance treatment
of adult patients with clinically stable schizophrenia. The Company is currently conducting a phase I clinical trial to
evaluate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of various candidate formulations at different dose strengths and
injection sites; patient’s recruitment for this study began in September of 2023.
Lastly, the Company decided to commence the clinical development of a new three-monthly formulation of Letrozole
(hereinafter, Letrozole LEBE), rather than the initially planned annual formulation of Letrozole ISM®. The objective of this
new development is to reach bioequivalence in the plasma levels of letrozole in comparison with the daily administration
of oral doses of Femara® 2.5 mg.
With this new clinical programme for Letrozole LEBE, ROVI estimates it could reduce the research times in comparison
to those for an annual formulation of the product, thus making it likely that the three-monthly formulation could be
marketed several years earlier and, furthermore, the investment necessary to attain the objectives of this project could
also be reduced.
Accordingly, ROVI is currently carrying out a phase I clinical trial in Europe to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety and
tolerability of single ascending doses of Letrozole LEBE, at different strengths, in voluntary healthy post-menopausal
women (LEILA-1 study). This first clinical trial of Letrozole LEBE began in July 2023.
6.- Dividends
On 14 June 2024, the General Meeting of Shareholders approved to distribute to shareholders a dividend of 1.1037
euros per eligible share, to be charged to the results for the 2023 financial year. At 30 June 2024, the dividend is pending
payment under ‘Suppliers and other accounts payable’ (Note 14).
7.- Capital expenditure
ROVI invested mainly 18.5 millon euros in 2024, compared to 18.2 millon euros in 2023. A majority of the additions
recognised in 2024 and 2023 are related to investments in ROVI´s manufacturing plants, principally:
– 0.2 million euros was invested in the Madrid injectables plant, compared with the 0.4 million euros invested in
the first half of 2023:
– 1.1 million euros was invested in the San Sebastián de los Reyes injectables plant, compared with the 0.5
million euros invested in the first half of 2023;
– 0.3 million euros was invested in the Granada plant, the same amount as invested in this plant in the first half of
2023;
– 0.5 million euros was invested in the Alcalá de Henares plant, the same amount as invested in this plant in the
first half of 2023;
– 1.3 million euros was invested in the ISM® industrialisation, compared with the 2.9 million euros invested in the
first half of 2023;
– 0.4 million euros was invested in the construction, currently in progress, of the new heparin plant in Escúzar
(Granada), compared with the 3.3 million euros in the first half of 2023;
8