Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
APPENDIX 1
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
ROVI’s financial information contains figures and measures prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting
legislation, as well as another series of measures prepared in accordance with established reporting standards, which
are known as Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
These APMs are considered adjusted figures in comparison with those that are reported under International Financial
Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU), which is the reporting framework applicable to the
consolidated financial statements of the ROVI Group and, therefore, the reader should consider them to supplement the
latter, but not replace them.
The APMs are important for the users of the financial information because they are the measures used by ROVI
Management to evaluate the financial performance, the cash flows or the financial situation for making the Group’s
operating or strategic decisions. These APMs are consistent with the principal indicators used by the investor and analyst
communities in the financial markets. In this respect, in accordance with the Guide issued by the European Securities
and Markets Authority (ESMA), which has been in force since 3 July, 2016 and concerns the transparency of Alternative
Performance Measures, ROVI sets out below information on the APMs included in the consolidated management
information for the year ended 31 December 2020 that it considers significant:
Total revenue
This APM shows all the Group’s revenues.
We calculate Total revenue as revenue plus the recognition of government grants on non-financial non-current assets
and other.
Gross profit
Gross profit is an indicator that measures the direct profit that ROVI obtains from carrying out its income-generating
activities.
We calculate gross profit as total revenue less change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress and raw
materials and consumables used.
Gross margin
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the profit that ROVI obtains from its revenue.
We calculate gross margin as the percentage that the gross profit represents in the revenue.
18