Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
Notwithstanding, given the uncertainties associated to the development of the COVID-19 pandemic (which ROVI will
continue to monitor closely), it is not yet possible to make a precise assessment of the impact that the pandemic will have
on this year.
The Group forecasts that it will continue to grow at a much higher rate than the Spanish pharmaceutical market expenditure
in 2021, which, according to the Ministry of Health, Consumption and Social Welfare, showed a growth rate of 6.1%.
ROVI expects its growth drivers to be the launch of Okedi® in Europe, Bemiparin, the license agreements, such as
Neparvis® and Volutsa®, the Enoxaparin biosimilar, its existing portfolio of specialty pharmaceuticals, the agreement with
Moderna and new contracts in the toll manufacturing area.
2.3.- Key operating and financial events
2.3.1 Moderna and ROVI expand long-term collaboration for the manufacture of mRNA medicines over the next ten years
ROVI announced (by publication of the inside information number 1299 dated 16th of February of 2022) a long-term
collaboration with Moderna to increase capacities for the compounding, aseptic filling, inspection, labelling, and packaging
of ROVI’s facilities located in Madrid, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcalá de Henares.
This new agreement, which has a term of ten years, includes a series of investments expected to allow the manufacturing
capacity to increase across ROVI’s facilities in Madrid, Spain. In addition to producing Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine,
ROVI’s platform could also be utilized to service future Moderna mRNA vaccine candidates.
“ROVI has been a pivotal partner in supporting the manufacturing of our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine for countries outside of
the U.S., and this long-term agreement expands our partnership and allows for further scale-up for future mRNA
medicines,” said Juan Andres, Moderna’s Chief Technical Operations and Quality Officer.
Mr. Juan López-Belmonte Encina, ROVI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said: “We are delighted to expand our
collaboration with Moderna and become a long-term manufacturing partner. At ROVI we are working to contribute all our
experience as a high-technological-value contract manufacturer of injectables to the solution of this pandemic and we are
confident of our ability to take part in the manufacturing of new mRNA candidates in the future.”
Moderna and ROVI are expected to finalize details of this agreement in the first quarter of 2022.
2.3.2 ROVI receives the European Commission’s approval of Okedi® as a treatment for schizophrenia
ROVI announced (by publication of the relevant information number 14055 dated 15th of February of 2022) that the
European Commission has authorised the marketing of Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in
adults for whom tolerability and effectiveness has been established with oral risperidone.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and patented by ROVI for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults for whom tolerability and effectiveness has been established with oral risperidone, since, as of the
first injection, it provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or
supplementation with oral risperidone.
This approval is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the efficacy and safety of Risperidone
ISM® in schizophrenia patients1. The results obtained in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg and 100 mg
once a month) have achieved the prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of patients with
acute exacerbation of schizophrenia. The primary efficacy endpoint, the PANSS total score (mean difference, CI: 95%),
improved significantly with Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85, with adjusted differences
1 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute
exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
5