Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
ANNEX 1
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
In addition to the financial information prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) taken
from our financial statements, this document includes certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as defined in the
ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures of 5 October, 2015
(ESMA/2015/1415), as well as some non-IFRS financial indicators. The financial measures contained in this document that are
considered APMs or non-IFRS financial indicators have been prepared on the basis of the ROVI Group’s financial information
but are not defined or set out in detail within the framework of the applicable financial information and have not been audited or
reviewed by ROVI's auditors.
These APMs are considered figures that have been adjusted in respect of those that are presented in accordance with the
International Financial Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU), which form the applicable accounting
framework for the consolidated financial statements of the ROVI Group. Therefore, the reader should consider them to
complement the latter but not to replace them.
ROVI uses these APMs and non-IFRS financial indicators to plan, oversee and assess its performance. ROVI considers the
APMs and non-IFRS financial indicators to be useful to allow the management team and investors to compare the past or future
financial performance, the financial situation and the cash flows. Notwithstanding, these APMs and non-IFRS financial indicators
are considered complementary and are not intended to replace IFRS measures. Furthermore, other companies, including some
in ROVI's sector, may calculate such measures differently, which reduces their usefulness for comparative purposes.
This document contains information on the alternative performance measures (APMs) and non-IFRS financial indicators used by
ROVI, including their definitions and a reconciliation between the applicable management indicators and the financial
information set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRSs. The document is available on ROVI's
website and may be accessed on the following link: (https://www.rovi.es/en/shareholders-investors/financial-business-
information).
In this respect, in accordance with the Guidelines issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), in force
since 3 July, 2016, in relation to the transparency of Alternative Performance Measures, ROVI provides below information
concerning the APMs it considers significant that are included in this press release:
• Operating revenue
This APM shows the revenue that the group generates from its main business activities.
Operating revenue refers to revenue.
• Other revenue
Other revenue shows the grants obtained by the Group to develop its R&D&I and other projects.
Other revenue refers to the recognition of government grants on non-financial non-current assets and other.
• Total revenue
This APM shows all the group’s revenues.
We calculate total revenue as revenue plus the recognition of government grants on non-financial non-current assets and other.
• Cost of sales
The cost of sales reflects the cost involved in producing or acquiring the products or services that ROVI sells.
The cost of sales is calculated as the amount of raw materials and consumables used plus that corresponding to the changes in
inventories of finished goods and work in progress.
• Gross profit
Gross profit is an indicator that measures the direct profit that ROVI obtains from carrying out its income-generating activities.
18