Free translation of the Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2024 Management report
The Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (ROVI or “the Company”) issues the following
management report in accordance with Article 262, 148 d) and 526 of the Spanish Capital Company Act (“Ley de
Sociedades de Capital”), 61 bis of the Securities Market Law.
1. Corporate profile
The Company is the parent company of a fully-integrated specialized Spanish pharmaceutical group (ROVI or “the
Group”) engaged in the research and development, contract manufacturing and the marketing of small molecules and
biological specialties. The Group has three main growth pillars:
– Pharmaceutical specialties, split in two areas:
◦ Prescription products: With two divisions: Low-molecular-weight heparin division (LMWH) and own and
licensed product division.
◦ Diagnostic imaging contrast agents and other hospital products.
– Contract manufacturing: Specialists in solutions for prefilled syringes, solid oral forms and vials.
– R&D, split in three areas:
◦ Innovative drug release technology, ISM®.
◦ Glycomics area.
◦ Multilayer technology for urethral catheters.
As a result of a combination of factors, among which the Group’s stability, due to the growth of its recurring business and
its strong financial position, sound strategy and clear pillars of growth may be highlighted, the Company’s reactive profile
has been reinforced. This has allowed operating revenue to rise year after year, materialising in growth of 26% in 2022.
In addition, ROVI has a sound, low-risk R&D policy, where the patented ISM® platform (internally-developed and
patented innovative drug-release technology which allows the prolonged release of the compounds administered by
injection) opens up new channels of growth. The Company allocates a large part of its resources to research, in order to
remain in the vanguard in both the product area and the manufacturing and development systems area.
ROVI enjoys a series of competitive advantages that have allowed it to position itself as one of the principal leaders in its
market niche, in a sector which, moreover, has high entry barriers:
– Unique knowledge of low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWH).
– Infrastructure with operating advantages.
– Diversified portfolio
– Low-risk innovation
In all its business lines, ROVI as a group is aware that its activity does not consist only of the health improvements
provided by its products but that, additionally, it wishes to respond to the social and environmental demands related to
the impact of its activity. To achieve this, ROVI’s economic development must be compatible with its conduct in respect of
ethical, social, labour and environmental issues, and respect for human rights.
For more information, please see Integrated Report or visit: www.rovi.es
2. Business evolution
Total revenue fell 2% to 566.6 million euros in 2024.
Sales of LMWH remained stable up to 234 million euros in 2024. LMWH (enoxaparin biosimilar and bemiparin) sales
represented 41% of operating revenue in 2024 and 2023.
Sales of Bemiparin in Spain (Hibor®) shown a reduction of 3% to 95,9 million euros in 2024. Sales of Bemiparin in Spain
(Hibor®) fell by 8% to 58.6 million euros in 2024. Enoxaparin biosimilar decreased by 1% to 138 million euros in 2024.
Sales of Neparvis®, a specialty product from Novartis, launched in Spain in December 2016, indicated for the treatment
of adult patients with symptomatic chronic heart failure and reduced ejection fraction, increased 13 % to 51,4 million
euros in 2024, compared to 45,5 million euros in 2023.
1