Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
For available-for-sale financial assets, value adjustments are made if there is objective evidence that they have
been impaired as the result of a reduction or delay in the estimated future cash flows in the case of debt
instruments acquired or the non-recoverability of the carrying amount of the asset in the case of investments in
equity instruments. The value adjustment is the difference between the cost or amortized cost less, if applicable,
any value adjustment previously recognized in profit and loss, and the fair value at the time the measurement is
made. In the case of equity instruments measured at cost because it is not possible to determine their fair value,
the value adjustment is determined in the same way as for investments in the equity of group, multi-group and
associated companies.
If there is objective evidence of impairment, the Company recognizes the accumulated losses from a decrease in
the fair value which were previously recognized in the equity in profit and loss. Impairment losses on equity
instruments recognized in profit and loss are not reversed through profit and loss.
The fair values of listed investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not
active (and for unlisted securities), the Company fixes a fair value using measurement techniques that include the
use of recent transactions between interested and duly-informed parties, references to other instruments that are
substantially the same, methods employing the discount of estimated future cash flows and option price-fixing
methods, making maximum use of data observable in the market and placing as little confidence as possible in
the Company’s subjective considerations.
Financial assets are derecognized in the statement of financial position when all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the asset are substantially transferred. In the specific case of receivables, this is deemed to take
place, in general, when the risks of default and delinquency are transferred.
(b) Derecognition of financial assets
The Company applies the criteria of derecognizing financial assets to part of a financial asset or to part of group of
similar financial assets or to a financial asset or to a group of similar financial assets.
Financial assets are derecognized in the accounts when the rights to receive cash flows related to them have expired or
been transferred and the Company has substantially transferred the risks and rewards of ownership. Likewise, financial
assets are derecognized in circumstances where the Group retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from
them only when contractual obligations that determine payment of said flows to one or more recipients have been
assumed and the following requirements are met:
• Payment of the cash flows depends on their having been received previously:
• The Group cannot sell or pledge the financial asset; and
• The cash flows received on behalf of the final recipients are remitted without significant delay and the Company is
not able to reinvest the cash flows. An exception is made for investments in cash or cash equivalents made by the
Company during the settlement period, running from the date on which the cash flows are received and the
remiitance date agreed with the final recipients, provided that any interest accrued is attributed to the final recipients.
Derecognition of a financial asset in full implies the recognition of a gain or loss for the difference between its carrying
amount and the total consideration received, net of transaction costs, including any assets acquired or liabilities assumed
and any loss or gain deferred in other comprehensive income.
15