Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
had approved said registration and, in addition to the European countries, the Company held marketing agreements for
the product in a further 85 countries.
International sales account for around 80% of the toll manufacturing business, with exports to more than 40 countries.
2.3.- The organisation’s objectives and strategies
In a complicated environment which, nevertheless, offers new opportunities, over the last few years, ROVI has been
getting ready to take advantage of the circumstances with:
1. The marketing of an enoxaparin biosimilar, which began in September 2017 and with which ROVI aspires to
become one of the main European players in a market where enoxaparin sales total 900 million euros1, due to
the competitive edge provided by the vertical integration of processes in the Group. Likewise, the Company
hopes to increase its presence in emerging markets, where enoxaparin sales total 500 million euros1. To
increase its capacity, in 2019 ROVI announced that construction would begin on a second heparin plant in
Granada.
2. The development of drugs to treat complaints with high growth prospects. Currently, ROVI’s product portfolio
in the research and development phase focuses mainly on the development of new controlled-release
systems based on ISM® technology, as mentioned above.
3. Launching new products in the market. Products such as Neparvis®, Hirobriz® Breezhaler® and Ulunar®
Breezhaler®, Volutsa® and Orvatez® will contribute to a good performance by the Company over forthcoming
years, since they meet needs with a growing demand and represent an opportunity for sustained and
profitable growth for the future.
4. The development of operating synergies and the extension of the scope of the value-added manufacturing
services with present and potential customers.
International expansion is one of the strategic goals at both organisational and marketing level, mainly through the
distribution of the enoxaparin biosimilar.
Additionally, all the companies that form the ROVI Group are aware of the health improvements provided by their
products and wish to provide a response to certain social demands in relation to the impacts of their activities on society
and the environment. For this reason, ROVI’s economic development must be compatible with its conduct in respect of
ethics, society, employment, the environment and respect for human rights.
The knowledge, communication and implementation of these values, which express the Group’s commitment to business
ethics and corporate social responsibility, guide the actions of the Board of Directors and other Group bodies in their
relations with stakeholders. Therefore, the Group has support tools the objectives of which are to:
- Favour attainment of the group’s strategic objectives.
- Improve the group’s competitiveness by implementing management practices based on innovation, equal
opportunities, productivity, profitability and sustainability.
- Manage risks and opportunities derived from the changing environment responsibly, maximising the
positive impacts of the group’s activities in the different territories where it operates and minimising any
adverse impacts as far as possible.
1 Estimates based on the sales reports of Sanofi-Aventis 2018A.
5