Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: "the first
quarter of 2025 has continued to be of crucial
importance in laying the foundations for
ROVI’s future. We are in a period where
investment is essential to drive our growth
and position the company for long-term
success. This is the reason we are focused on
increasing our production capacities in the
CDMO business and reinforcing the
company’s internationalisation with
Risperidone ISM®, the first innovative ROVI
product based on the ISM® technology. We
continue to see a positive reception of the
product in the countries where it has been
launched, with sales up 133% in the first
quarter of the year compared to the first
quarter of 2024. As we gain approvals in new
countries, we are excited to become a major
global player in the field of long-acting
injectable for the treatment of schizophrenia. Innovation is one of ROVI's hallmarks
and the ISM® platform provides new channels for growth. We are investing in the
next clinical phases of Letrozole SIE and quarterly risperidone. We hope these two
new ISM® products will expand our portfolio of in-house developed products. In the
first quarter of 2025, we successfully completed the phase I clinical trials for both
projects and we are excited to start phase III clinical trials for both, reflecting a clear
commitment to our ISM® technology. Regarding our industrial presence, over the last
five years we have invested substantial capital to build global leadership in sterile fill-
and-finish capacity and technology services. This will allow the Company to continue
capitalising on the significant imbalance between the available capacity and the
rising demand in the sterile fill-and-finish market, building on the strong drive in
commercial activity, which provides multiple opportunities for business and alliances
across strategic high-growth modalities. With the recent investments and the
expansions currently underway, we expect to significantly increase our current syringe
and cartridge capacity. This is an opportunity that will drive long-term growth and
will position ROVI as one of the global leaders in complex injectable manufacturing. In
relation to our low-molecular-weight heparin (“LMWH”) business, we aspire to
become a global leader in this field. In this context, we continue to invest to become
self-sufficient in obtaining crude heparin with the Glicopepton project and thus
become a vertically integrated company in all the LMWH manufacturing phases. We
continue to advance in the artificial intelligence field, which is a key factor in
improving healthcare. In January 2025, we took a majority position in Cells IA, a
pioneering company engaged in developing artificial intelligence-assisted diagnostic
solutions in the pathological anatomy area. This acquisition reinforces our
commitment to move forward in disease prevention and provide leading edge
solutions that improve patients’ quality of life."
5