To our Shareholder — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 31
Annual General Meeting
component of Formycon’s investor relations pro-
gram. During fiscal year 2025, Formycon’s manage-
The Annual General Meeting of Formycon AG was
ment presented the Company at a number of inves-
held in Munich on June 18, 2025, in presence form.
tor conferences within Germany and abroad, in-
In its presentation to shareholders, the Manage-
cluding the following:
ment Board provided detailed information about
the company’s progress over the year and an-
swered all questions raised in the general Q&A ses- — J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, San Fran-
sion. cisco
Shareholders representing approx. 67% of the — UniCredit & Kepler Cheuvreux German Corpo-
Company’s share capital followed the proposals of rate Conference, Frankfurt
the Management Board and Supervisory Board by
voting in favor of all management-proposed resolu- — Oddo BHF Small & Mid Cap Conference, Frank-
tions with large majorities. The actions of members furt
of the Management and Supervisory Boards during
the past fiscal year were ratified with majorities of — Metzler Small Cap Days, Frankfurt
more than 97% for each individual member, a
strong expression of confidence.
— mwb Research German Select Conference (vir-
tual event)
To reflect the increased demands placed on the Su-
pervisory Board as a result of the Company’s up-
— Equity Forum Spring Conference, Frankfurt
graded Prime Standard exchange listing, it was re-
solved to expand the board from five to six mem-
— Berenberg European Conference, New York
bers. Klaus Röhrig, Co-Chief Investment Officer of
Active Ownership Capital S.à r.l. and Active Owner-
— Warburg Highlights, Hamburg
ship Corporation S.à r.l., whose term as a member
of the Supervisory Board automatically ended at
the close of the Annual General Meeting on June — mwb Research Roundtable (virtual event)
18, 2025, was re-elected to the Board by a large
majority. — Montega Hamburg Investor Days (HIT), Ham-
burg
To further broaden the international focus and
strengthen the expertise of the Supervisory Board, — H.C. Wainwright Annual Investment Confer-
Dr. Graham Keith Dixon, Chief Executive Officer ence, New York
(CEO) of Estetra SRL, a subsidiary of Gedeon Rich-
ter Plc., was elected by a large majority as a new — Oddo BHF Fall Roundtable, Frankfurt
sixth member of the expanded Supervisory Board.
— Berenberg & Goldman Sachs German Corpo-
Further information regarding the 2025 Annual rate Conference, Munich
General Meeting may be found on the Formycon
website under https://www.formycon.com/en/ — Jefferies London Healthcare Conference, Lon-
investor-relations/annual-general-meeting- don
2025/.
— German Equity Capital Forum, Frankfurt
Investor relations activities
— mwb Research Roundtable (virtual event)
Professional dialog with investors and with the in-
ternational capital markets forms an important