215
Our audit approach Finally, we assessed whether the notes to the finan-
cial statements regarding the impairment of the net
We obtained an understanding of the Company’s investment in Bioeq AG are appropriate.
process for identifying indicators of impairment and
determining recoverable amounts through discus- Our conclusions
sions with finance department staff and an assess-
ment of the Group’s accounting policies. We ana- The approach underlying the impairment test for
lyzed the indicators of impairment identified by the the shares in associated companies (Bioeq AG) is
Company and evaluated them based on the infor- appropriate and consistent with the applicable valu-
mation obtained during our audit. ation principles. The assumptions and data used by
the Company are appropriate. The related notes to
With the involvement of our valuation specialists, the financial statements are appropriate.
we assessed, among other things, the appropriate-
ness of the Company’s key assumptions and calcu-
lation methods. To this end, we discussed the ex-
The recoverability of the capitalized
pected sales of the FYB201 product with the plan-
development costs for the FYB202 product
ning managers. In addition, we performed reconcili-
ations with other internally available forecasts, e.g.,
for tax purposes, and the budget prepared by the
For the accounting and valuation principles applied,
legal representatives, and assessed their internal
as well as the assumptions used, we refer to Note 6
consistency. The appropriateness of the assump-
of the consolidated financial statements. Infor-
tions was also evaluated against external market
mation on the amount of capitalized development
assessments.
costs for the FYB202 product and the amount of
the impairment charge can be found in Note 18 of
Furthermore, we verified the Company’s historical
the consolidated financial statements. Explanations
forecasting accuracy by comparing plans from pre-
regarding the economic development of the
vious fiscal years with the results actually achieved
FYB202 project can be found in the summary man-
and analyzing any variances.
agement report in the section on asset, revenue,
and earnings development.
We compared the assumptions and data underlying
the discount rate, in particular the risk-free interest
Risk to the financial statements
rate, the market risk premium, and the beta factor,
with our own assumptions and publicly available
As of December 31, 2025, the capitalized develop-
data.
ment costs for the FYB202 product amount to EUR
306.6 million and, at 41% of total assets, represent a
To assess the methodologically and mathematically
significant portion of the company’s assets.
sound implementation of the valuation method, we
reproduced the valuation performed by the com-
Capitalized development costs are measured at
pany using our own calculations and analyzed any
cost less accumulated amortization and accumu-
deviations.
lated impairment losses. Since approval in the
fourth quarter of 2024, the Company has been
To account for existing forecast uncertainty, we also
amortizing the capitalized development costs for
examined the effects of possible changes in the
the FYB202 product on a straight-line basis over its
discount rate and expected cash inflows on the re-
estimated useful life of up to 15 years. If there are
coverable amount by calculating alternative scenar-
indications of an impairment of the capitalized de-
ios and comparing them with the Company’s valua-
velopment costs for the FYB202 product, the Com-
tion results (sensitivity analysis).
pany determines the recoverable amount as of the
balance sheet date and compares it with the