Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 163
Property, plant and equipment Recognition and measurement
Recognition and measurement Goodwill
Goodwill arising from business combinations is
Property, plant and equipment are measured at measured at cost less any accumulated impairment
cost, including any capitalized borrowing costs, less losses.
accumulated depreciation and any accumulated im-
pairment losses. Should significant components Research and development
thereof have different useful lives, these are ac- Research expenditures are recognized in profit or
counted for as separate items (major components) loss as incurred. Development expenditures are
of property, plant and equipment. Any gain or loss only capitalized provided that the expenditure can
on disposal of an item of property, plant and equip- be measured reliably, that the product or process is
ment is recognized in profit or loss. technically and commercially feasible, that future
economic benefits are probable, and that the
Subsequent costs of acquisition or production Group both intends and has sufficient resources to
complete development and to utilize or sell the as-
Subsequent expenditures are only capitalized if it is set. Any development expenditures not meeting
probable that the Group will derive additional future these criteria are recognized in profit or loss as in-
economic benefits resulting from the expenditure. curred. Capitalized development expenses are val-
ued at acquisition or production cost less accumu-
Depreciation lated amortization and any accumulated impair-
ment losses.
Depreciation is calculated to fully depreciate the
cost of an item of property, plant and equipment Formycon develops biopharmaceuticals, in particu-
less its estimated residual value on a straight-line lar biosimilars, with the aim of converting biosimilar
basis over its estimated useful life. Depreciation is candidates into development and marketing part-
generally recognized in profit or loss. nerships upon attainment of certain defined mile-
stones. Formycon currently has seven projects un-
The estimated useful lives of significant items of der active development. For each individual devel-
property, plant and equipment, for both the current opment project, an assessment is made as to
whether the criteria for recognition of an internally
period and prior-year period, are:
generated intangible asset have been met.
— Leasehold improvements: The useful life
specific to the asset, not to exceed the While innovative drug development projects in
remaining term of the underlying lease at the phase 3 clinical trials often suffer failures or signifi-
cant setbacks, the probability of success of a bio-
time of the leasehold improvement: 5-10 years
similar candidate in phase 3 clinical comparability
trials is significantly higher. Because the efficacy of
— Laboratory furnishings and equipment: 7-15
the originator (reference) biopharmaceutical has al-
years
ready been scientifically proven and recognized by
the authorities, and because biosimilar develop-
— Office furnishings and equipment: 5-10 years
ment focuses on various tests and studies to
demonstrate biological similarity to the reference
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual
drug already prior to phase 3 clinical testing, one
values are reviewed on each reporting date and
may reasonably conclude, predicated on this al-
adjusted as necessary.
ready demonstrated similarity, that the likelihood of
successfully completing the remaining develop-
Goodwill and other intangible assets ment of a biosimilar that will bring future economic
benefits is very high. It should be noted that more