Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 129
the German Stock Corporation Act. Sustainability- Recommendation F.2 of the GCGC:
related targets that go beyond these requirements
were first taken into account in the Company’s in- In accordance with Recommendation F.2 of the
ternal control system and risk management system GCGC, the consolidated financial statements and
during the fiscal year 2025. Due to the large num- the consolidated management report should be
ber of conversion and adjustment processes result- made publicly available within 90 days of the end
ing from the uplisting to the regulated market of the of the fiscal year.
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, it was not possible to
take such sustainability-related targets into account
The consolidated financial statements and the com-
at an earlier stage. Recommendation A.3 of the
bined management report for the company and the
GCGC has been fully complied with since then and
Group for the fiscal year 2025 cannot be published
will be fully complied with in the future.
within the recommended 90-day period. A key rea-
son is the introduction of a new internalfinancial
Recommendation C.10 of the GCGC: planning system, which was implemented across
the Group during the reporting period. Further-
Pursuant to recommendation C.10 of the GCGC, the more, during the final stages of preparing the finan-
chairperson of the supervisory board shall be inde- cial statements, there has been an increased work-
pendent from the company and the management load relating to reconciliation and validation, which
board. As a precautionary measure, a deviation is requires more time and documentation than origi-
declared from this recommendation with respect to nally anticipated. Against this background, not all
Wolfgang Essler, the current chairman of the super- documents have been finalized yet and necessary
visory board of the Company (“Supervisory audit procedures could not be completed in time.
Board”). Members of the supervisory board are to The publication of the consolidated financial state-
be considered independent from the company and ments and the combined management report for
its management board if they have no personal or the company and the Group for the fiscal year
business relationship with the company or its man- 2025 is scheduled for April 2026 and thus remains
agement board that may cause a substantial and within the statutory and stock exchange deadlines.
not merely temporary conflict of interest. Mr. Essler
is managing director of Santo Holding (Deutsch- Furthermore, it is intended to comply with Recom-
land) GmbH, which holds 24.03% of the shares of mendation F.2 of the GCGC again in future.
the Company and, therefore, is the Company’s larg-
est shareholder. There are business relations be-
Recommendations G.1 and G.2 of the GCGC:
tween Santo Holding (Deutschland) GmbH or its af-
filiates and the Company. These circumstances did
Recommendations G.1 and G.2 of the GCGC con-
not or do not constitute a conflict of interest, nor
tain requirements that the Supervisory Board shall
did they or do they impair the performance of the
take into account when establishing the remunera-
duties of Mr. Essler as chairman of the Supervisory
tion system for the members of the management
Board. However, in certain cases, the Company
board of the Company (“Management Board”) in
may pursue interests that conflict with the interests
accordance with Section 87a para. 1 AktG and
of Santo Holding (Deutschland) GmbH.
when determining the specific remuneration for the
Management Board members based on this remu-
In all other respects, in particular regarding the
neration system. The Supervisory Board decided
chairperson of the Audit Committee, the recom-
on a remuneration system for the Management
mendation C.10 of the GCGC has been and will be
Board members in accordance with Section 87a
complied with.
para. 1 AktG and recommendation G.1 of the GCGC
for the first time on April 29, 2025 and proposed it
for approval to the annual general meeting of the
Company in June 2025. Based on this