To our Shareholder — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 11
A key milestone on this path has already been Despite regulatory simplification of restrictions, we
acieved: The primary study endpoints for the Key- therefore expect only a limited number of new en-
truda®biosimilar candidate FYB206 have been suc- trants, who will also need time to establish them-
cessfully met and are currently being incorporated selves. Instead, we believe that the increasing num-
into the regulatory submission dossier together with ber of biosimilars as a distinct market segment,
the manufacturing and analytical data. In parallel, we combined with numerous new product opportuni-
are conducting licensing discussions for regions that ties, will drive continued growth of the overall ad-
have not yet been partnered in order to further ex- dressable market. In this environment, we believe
pand the project’s international commercialization Formycon remains very well positioned.”
potential.
Geographical diversification was cited as a
Operationally, we expect additional momentum from strategically decisive success factor. What
the relaunch of our Lucentis® biosimilar Cimerli® in are the advantages of regional partner-
the U.S. and from the market entry of a second ships for Formycon?
FYB201 product in the U.S., Nufymco®. For our
Stelara® biosimilar FYB202, we see encouraging Nicola Mikulcik, CBO: “Geographical diversification
signs of improving market access despite the still offers both strategic and commercial advantages
challenging market environment, which should pro- for Formycon. The biosimilars market is character-
gressively translate into stronger growth throughout ized by distinct local competitive dynamics, national
2026. reimbursement structures, and regulatory specifici-
ties. Market leadership in one region does not auto-
Another key milestone in 2026 will be the market matically translate into leadership in others.
launch of our Eylea® biosimilar FYB203 under the
brand names Ahzantive® and Baiama®. With this By placing greater emphasis on regional partner-
product, we are, for the first time, managing the com- ships with leading local companies, we leverage
plete organization of the supply chain and market their strong reputation and in-depth market exper-
supply, further strengthening our position as an inte- tise. Established relationships with physicians, phar-
grated development and supply partner. macists, payers and purchasing organizations are
key. This enhances market penetration, reinforces
In parallel, we are firmly focused on achieving oper- our competitive positioning and mitigates market
ating profitability and consolidating it over the long entry risks.
term. This will be supported by the continued expan-
sion of partnerships, regulatory efficiencies, and on- For Formycon, this approach enables efficient inter-
going optimization of our cost base.” national commercialization without the need to
build our own cost-intensive sales structures, while
Is there a risk that biosimilars will at the same time ensuring broader risk diversifica-
increasingly be treated like classic tion.”
generics?
How do you succeed in gaining access in
Stefan Glombitza: “In individual markets, we are
markets where the reference product is al-
observing a stronger convergence towards ge-
ready competitively priced?
neric-like mechanisms, for example through the in-
troduction of automatic substitution in Germany.
Nicola Mikulcik: “Opportunities also arise in such
This increases price pressure and exacerbates the
markets. A biosimilar can gain meaningful market
supply situation.
share if, alongside competitive manufacturing
costs, reliable supply and strong commercial posi-
That said, barriers to entry in the biosimilar market tioning are ensured. This requires cost- and effi-
remain high, both technologically and financially. ciency-optimized development and manufacturing,