Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 158
Assumptions have been made in measuring fair val- These Financial Statements have been prepared
ues in the following cases: based on the principle of historical cost. Exceptions
to this are the valuations of the contingent consid-
— Valuation of conditional purchase price pay- eration component of the Athos transaction, the
ments in determining and allocating the pur- valuation of derivatives and of obligations arising
chase price (see Note 26), from cash-settled share-based compensation ar-
rangements, which have both been carried out at
fair value. Equity-settled share-based payment ar-
— Valuation of obligations arising from share set-
rangements granted to employees are likewise
tled as well as cash-settled share-based com-
measured at fair value as of the grant date.
pensation arrangements (see Note 14),
In their preparation, and for all periods therein, the
— Impairment testing of unfinished internally gen-
Group has, unless otherwise stated, consistently
erated intangible assets and Goodwill (see
applied the following accounting policies.
Note 18), and
Consolidation principles
— Impairment testing of financial assets (see Note
19).
Subsidiaries
5. Group structure Subsidiaries are companies under the Group’s con-
trol. The Group controls an entity when it is ex-
As of December 31, 2025 the Formycon Group posed, or has rights, to variable returns from its in-
comprises Formycon AG, which, as the ultimate volvement with the entity and has the ability to af-
parent company, constitutes both the largest and fect those returns through its power over the entity.
smallest scope of consolidation, and the following The financial statements of subsidiaries are consoli-
fully consolidated companies. All companies are dated into these Financial Statements from the date
100% owned subsidiaries of Formycon AG: control begins until the date such control ends.
— Formycon Project 201 GmbH Loss of control
(Martinsried-Planegg, Germany)
If the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derec-
ognizes the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary
— FYB202 Project GmbH from its consolidated statement of financial position
(Martinsried-Planegg, Germany)
(balance sheet), along with any related non-control-
ling interests or other equity components. Any re-
— Formycon Project 203 GmbH sulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss. If
(Martinsried-Planegg, Germany) an interest in the former subsidiary is retained, it is
measured at fair value as of the date control over
Clinical Research GmbH, Holzkirchen, was merged the subsidiary is lost.
with Formycon AG in fiscal year 2025.
Financial assets accounted for using the equity
method
Furthermore, Bioeq AG (Zug, Switzerland), which is
under joint control, is included in the Financial The Group’s financial assets (investments) ac-
Statements of Formycon AG using the equity counted for using the equity method include a
method. shareholding in a joint venture. A joint venture is an
arrangement in which the Group has joint control,
6. Accounting and valuation methods whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of
the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and
Basis of valuations
obligations for its liabilities.