Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 157
estimates that affect the application of accounting volatility and future staff turnover, both of which
policies and the reported amounts of assets and li- may have a significant influence on the valua-
abilities, income and expense. Actual results may tion of the options at the time of issuance. The
differ from these estimates. Estimates and underly- correctness of these estimates depends upon
ing assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. actual future staff turnover and, in the case of
Revisions to estimates are recognized prospec- the phantom stock program, on the actual de-
tively. velopment of the share price, both of which
may deviate from the original estimates used in
Judgements preparing these Financial Statements and may
thus lead to significant corrections in future pe-
Judgements exercised by the Management Board
riods (see Note 14).
have an impact on the following specific issues pre-
sented herein:
— Determination of book value of investment par-
ticipations in jointly controlled companies: Key
— Lease term: Determination of whether the exer-
assumptions for impairment testing in accord-
cise of lease extension options is reasonably
ance with IAS 28 (see Note 19)
certain (see Note 27)
Measurement of fair values
— Internally generated intangible assets: Point in
time at which the criteria of IAS 38 (“Intangible A number of the Group’s accounting policies and
Assets”) are met, thereby resulting in an obliga- disclosures require the measurement of fair values,
tion to capitalize the asset (see Note 18) for both financial and non-financial assets and liabil-
ities.
— Identification of multiple performance obliga-
tions under the development partnerships for When measuring the fair value of an asset or liabil-
purposes of revenue recognition (see Note 8) ity, the Group uses observable market data as far
and separation thereof between development as possible. Fair values are categorized into differ-
services and granting of license ent levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the in-
puts used in the valuation techniques as follows:
Assumptions and estimate uncertainties
— Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
Significant assumptions and estimates which could
markets for identical assets and liabilities.
result in the risk of necessary adjustments in subse-
quent periods to the amounts recognized herein
have been made in the following specific cases: — Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices in-
cluded in Level 1 that are observable for the as-
set or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or in-
— Recognition of deferred tax assets: Availability
directly (i.e. derived from prices).
of future taxable profit against which deducti-
ble temporary differences and tax losses car-
ried forward can be used (see Note 15) — Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are
not based on observable market data (unob-
servable inputs).
— Impairment test of intangible assets and good-
will: Key assumptions underlying the calculation
If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an
of the recoverable amounts (see Note 18)
asset or a liability are categorized in different levels
of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value meas-
— Valuations under IFRS 2 (including phantom
urement is categorized in its entirety in the same
shares): The determination of the fair value of
level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level
sharebased payment arrangements is based,
input that is significant to the entire measurement.
among other factors, upon future share price