Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 162
assets and liabilities for financial reporting pur- Inventories
poses and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred taxes are not recognized for: Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and
net realizable value. The cost of inventories is
— temporary differences upon initial recognition based on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method of allo-
of assets or liabilities in a transaction which is cation. In the case of manufactured inventories,
not a business combination and which affects cost includes an appropriate share of production
neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss; overheads based on normal operating capacity.
— temporary differences related to investments in Cash and cash equivalents
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
where the Group is able to control the timing of Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
the reversal of the temporary differences and it and demand deposits, together with other short-
is probable that they will not reverse in the term, highly liquid investments maturing within 90
foreseeable future; and days from the date of acquisition that are readily
convertible into known amounts of cash and which
— taxable temporary differences arising upon ini- are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
tial recognition of goodwill. value.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax
losses, unused tax credits and deductible tempo-
rary differences to the extent that it is probable that
future taxable profits will be available against which
they can be used. Future taxable profits are deter-
mined based on the reversal of relevant taxable
temporary differences. If the amount of taxable
temporary differences is insufficient to recognize a
deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits,
adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differ-
ences, are considered, based on the business
plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. De-
ferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting
date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that the related tax benefit will be real-
ized; such reductions are reversed when the proba-
bility of future taxable profits improves.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax
consequences that would follow from the manner
in which the Group expects, at the reporting date,
to recover or settle the carrying amount of its as-
sets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities re-
sulting from the application of IFRS 16 “Leases” are
offset (netted). All other deferred tax assets and de-
ferred tax liabilities are only offset under certain
specific conditions.