Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 165
Financial instruments — It is held within a business model whose objec-
tive is to hold financial assets in order to collect
Recognition and initial measurement contractual cash flows.
Trade receivables and debt securities issued are in- — The contractual terms of the financial asset
itially recognized from the date they arise or are is- give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that
sued. All other financial assets and financial liabili- are solely payments of principal and interest on
ties are initially recognized when the Group be- the principal amount outstanding.
comes a party to the contractual terms of the instru-
ment. A financial asset (unless it is a trade receiva-
A debt investment is classified as an FVOCI instru-
ble without a significant financing component) or fi-
ment if it meets both of the following conditions
nancial liability is initially measured at fair value
and is not designated as an FVTPL instrument:
plus or minus, for an item not at FVTPL (i.e. fair
value with changes in value through profit or loss),
— It is held within a business model whose objec-
transaction costs directly attributable to its acquisi-
tive is achieved by both collecting contractual
tion or issue. Trade receivables without a significant
cash flows and selling financial assets.
financing component are initially recognized at the
transaction price.
— Its contractual terms give rise, on specified
dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of
Classification and subsequent measurement
principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding.
Financial assets
Upon initial recognition, a financial asset is classi-
Upon initial recognition of an equity investment that
fied and measured as:
is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
elect to present subsequent changes in the fair
— an instrument at amortized cost
value of the investment in OCI. This election is
made individually for each investment.
— an FVOCI debt instrument (investment in a debt
instrument measured at fair value with changes
All financial assets not classified as measured at
through other comprehensive income)
amortized cost or FVOCI as described above are
measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative fi-
— an FVOCI equity investment (equity investment nancial assets. Upon initial recognition, the Group
measured at fair value with changes through
may irrevocably designate a financial asset that
other comprehensive income)
otherwise meets the requirements to be measured
at amortized cost or at FVOCI as an FVTPL instru-
— an FVTPL instrument (at fair value with changes ment if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces
through profit or loss) an accounting mismatch that would otherwise
arise.
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to
their initial recognition unless the Group changes Financial assets:
its business model for managing financial assets, in Business model assessment
which case all affected financial assets are reclassi- The Group makes its assessment of the objective
fied on the first day of the first reporting period fol- of the business model in which a financial asset is
lowing the change in the business model. held through an assessment of each individual
portfolio. The information considered includes:
A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it
meets both of the following conditions and is not — the stated objectives for the investment, includ-
designated as an FVTPL instrument: ing whether management’s strategy focuses on