Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 8 Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 9
Notes to the Financial Statements
Derivatives
Useful
of Formycon AG for the period from
The Company did not hold any derivative financial economic lifes
instruments as of December 31, 2024.
January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024
Larger laboratory equipment, cooling 10 years
equipment and laboratory furnishings
Principles of balance sheet presentation and
valuation Smaller laboratory equipment 5 years
Computer servers 7 years
The accounting and valuation methods applied to
1. General information about the 2. General information about the the prior fiscal year were continued in the reported Small electronics 3 years
(laptops, PCs, etc.)
Company content and structure of these fiscal year. The Balance Sheet includes all assets,
Financial Statements all liabilities and all prepaid and deferred items. Furniture and furnishings 10 years
Formycon AG (“Formycon” or the “Company”), toge- Assets and liabilities are valued individually. The
Low-value items with cost of Immediate
ther with the subsidiary companies within its scope These Financial Statements, presented here in valuation of assets and liabilities takes all risks into
acquisition below € 800 write-off
of consolidation (the “Group”), is a leading inde- translation from the German original , have been account which are identifiable based on the princi-
pendent developer of high-quality biosimilar drugs, prepared in accordance with sections 242 et seq. ples of prudent business judgment.
meaning follow-on products to biopharmaceuticals of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetz-
already on the market. buch, HGB) under observance of the supplementary Fixed assets Financial assets are stated at their cost of acquisi-
provisions of sections 264 et seq. of the Commercial tion, or should there be an impairment in value, re-
Formycon AG has its registered offices in Martins- Code applicable to large corporations as well as sec- Purchased intangible assets (including software and gardless of whether it is expected to be permanent
ried/Planegg, Germany, and is entered into the tions 150 et seq. of the Stock Corporation Act (AktG). licenses) are capitalized at their cost of acquisition or temporary, written down to the lower fair value.
commercial register (Handelsregister) of the District The Income Statement has been prepared using the and amortized based upon expected useful lifes- Should the reason for an impairment no longer
Court of Munich under number HRB 200801. The total expenditure format in accordance with sec. 275 pans of three to five years. apply, the impairment write-down is reversed.
Company’s shares are listed on the Frankfurt Stock para. 2 of the Commercial Code. The Company’s
Exchange in the Prime Standard segment (German financial statements are prepared in euros (€) and No use has been made of the elective right under Current assets
securities identifier (WKN): A1EWVY, ticker symbol: presented here in thousands of euros (€ K). sec. 248 para. 2 of the Commercial Code to capital-
FYB, ISIN: DE000A1EWVY8). ize self-produced intangible assets. Raw materials, consumables and supplies as well as
purchased goods in inventories are valued at their
To the Company's knowledge, specifically based 3. Balance sheet presentation and Property, plant and equipment are valued at their average cost of acquisition, insofar as a write-down
upon voting rights notifications pursuant to sec. valuation methods cost of acquisition, less accumulated depreciation. to a lower value as of the balance sheet closing
20 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktien- The depreciation of all moveable assets is linear, date is not required. Finished and unfinished
gesetz) received up until the date of these Financial Foreign currency translation with depreciation in the year of acquisition on a pro products are valued at their cost of production in
statements, none of the Company’s shareholders rata basis. In the event of any impairment in value accordance with sec. 255 para. 2 sentence 2 of the
holds more than one quarter of the Company’s total Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign cur- which is expected to be permanent, the respective Commercial Code.
shares. rency are translated into euros at the average spot asset is written down to the lower fair value.
exchange rate on the day of their original posting. Receivables and other assets are valued at the
Furthermore, the Company has not received any Changes in exchange rates between then and the Scheduled depreciation for significant asset types lower of nominal or fair value. In the case of doubt-
subsequent voting rights notifications pursuant balance sheet date are reflected by write-downs is based on the following useful economic lifes: ful receivables, bad debt allowances are made
to sec. 33 of the German Securities Trading Act of assets or write-ups of liabilities only for amounts individually.
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) since its admission to due in more than one year and only to the extent
the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock necessary so that valuation on the balance sheet Cash and cash equivalents are stated at their nom-
Exchange, and thus there have not been, to the date is without losses. Items due within a period inal value.
Company's knowledge, any changes compared to of less than one year are translated at the average
the prospectus for admission to trading. spot exchange rate as of the date of the financial
statements. The resulting income or expense ari-
sing from currency translation is shown separately
in the Income Statement under other operating
income or expenses.