Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 89
U.S. market, was slower than initially anticipated. Furthermore, FYB203 (reference product: Eylea®)
Even prior to the market launch, which was able to has been approved in both the EU and the UK. Re-
take place ahead of plan thanks to the settlement gional marketing partnerships for FYB203 have
agreement reached with Johnson & Johnson, in- been established between Klinge Biopharma and
tense market competition with significantly greater other renowned partner companies such as Teva
price pressure on biosimilars became increasingly (Europe), Valorum Biologics (U.S./Canada), Lotus
apparent in the course of commercial negotiations Pharmaceuticals (APAC), Megalabs (LATAM), Actor
between marketing partner Fresenius Kabi and the (Australia), Horus (selected European countries),
relevant U.S. partners. The fact that most of the ma- and NTC (Italy). For the first time, Formycon is as-
jor pharmacy benefit managers (PBM) in the U.S. suming full responsibility for organizing the supply
have so far chosen to remain with the reference chain and market distribution for FYB203, further
product has also served to slow U.S. market pene- strengthening its strategic position as an integrated
tration for these biosimilars. Consequently, royalties partner for development and product supply.
for FYB202 remained relatively low in the first few
months following market launch. While revenue The Group’s consolidated full-year revenue for fis-
contributions from FYB202/Otulfi® increased signif- cal year 2025 was € 44.5 million (2024: € 69.7 mil-
icantly in the fourth quarter of 2025 due to the ex- lion), below the lower end of the originally forecast
clusive U.S. distribution agreement concluded by range (€ 55.0 million to €65.0 million). The shortfall
Fresenius Kabi with CivicaScript, the the product is is largely attributable to longer negotiations to con-
still in the early phase of commercialization and did clude further commercialization and development
not ramp up as quickly as expected. For this rea- partnerships, for example for the Keytruda® biosimi-
son, further adjustments to the valuation model and lar candidate FYB206, in order to optimize their fi-
accounting treatment were necessary. nancial terms. In addition, recognition of milestone
events anticipated for Q4 shifted to the first quarter
Nevertheless, the Management Board remains con- of 2026.
vinced of the medium- to long-term international
potential of this product. The underlying market op- The projects and contractual agreements underly-
portunities remain unchanged, even if the timing of ing the original forecast remain in place or have
individual revenue contributions has shifted. The been established meaning that the milestone-re-
current efforts of the Trump administration to dis- lated revenues do not represent permanently lost
mantle the opaque discount mechanisms of the revenue but rather timing shifts to fiscal year 2026.
PBMs and pave the way for greater biosimilar pen-
etration support this assessment.
As of the close of the fiscal year, the Group’s bal-
ance sheet and financial condition remained solid.
In parallel with Formycon’s operational and regula- A key component of Formycon’s financing strategy
tory progress, significant steps were taken in the during the year was the successful placement of
areas of partnerships and commercialization. Re- the corporate bond issuance, which served to
gional out-licensing agreements were secured for strengthen the liquidity base, increase planning
FYB206 in North America and the MENA region. certainty, and sustainably improve the Group’s fi-
Following the closing date, an additional partner- nancial flexibility.
ship was announced for key countries in the APAC
region, the closing of which, along with the associ-
The Group's earnings before interest, taxes, depre-
ated revenue-generating upfront payments, had
ciation and amortization (EBITDA) amounted
been originally planned for fiscal year 2025.
to € 3.6 million (2024: € 13.7 million), largely re-
flecting research and development expenses,
- -
A patent agreement has been reached with the ref- along with sales revenues, the associated cost of
erence drug manufacturer for FYB203/Ahzantive®, sales and general and administrative expenses.
enabling market entry in the U.S. in the fourth quar- This key financial performance indicator therefore
ter of 2026.