Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 144
year are summarized in the Supervisory Board’s re- The Supervisory Board also regularly meets without
port. The Chair of the Supervisory Board coordi- the Management Board. Experts and informants
nates its work, convenes meetings, and presides may be consulted for advice on specific matters.
over them.
Committees and their working methods
Decisions of the Supervisory Board are generally
made in meetings. Upon the Chair’s instruction or The Supervisory Board has formed two commit-
with the consent of all Supervisory Board members, tees, an Audit Committee and a Nomination and
meetings can also be conducted in the form of a Remuneration Committee.
teleconference or via other electronic communica-
tion methods (particularly video conference), and
Audit Committee
individual Supervisory Board members can be con-
nected by phone or other electronic means; in
The Audit Committee deals primarily with the re-
these cases, decisions can be made via teleconfer-
view of financial reporting, monitoring the account-
ence or other electronic communication methods.
ing process, the effectiveness of the internal con-
Members who participate via phone or electronic
trol system, the risk management system, and inter-
means are considered present. Absent members,
nal audit system, as well as external audit, particu-
or those not participating via phone or other elec-
larly the selection and independence of the auditor,
tronic means, can still partake in decision-making
the quality of the audit, and the additional services
by submitting written votes through another Super-
provided by the auditor, compliance, and the audit
visory Board member. Furthermore, they may cast
of the Company's sustainability reporting. The Audit
their votes orally, by phone, email, or other elec-
Committee may make recommendations or pro-
tronic means before, during, or after the meeting
posals to ensure the integrity of the accounting
within a reasonable period determined by the
process. It presents a recommendation to the Su-
Chair. There is no right to object to the form of deci-
pervisory Board for the appointment of the auditor,
sion-making ordered by the Chair.
which, in the case of a tender, includes at least two
proposals and a preference. It prepares the Super-
Decisions can also be made without convening a
visory Board's proposal to the Annual General
meeting, in writing, by phone, email, video confer-
Meeting for the election of the auditor.
ence, or other electronic means, if the Chair orders
it and participating members can communicate with
The Chair of the Audit Committee regularly ex-
each other and discuss the matter at hand, or if no
changes information with the auditor regarding the
member objects to the procedure.
progress of the audit and reports back to the Audit
Committee. The committee discusses with the audi-
The Supervisory Board has a quorum if at least half
tor the assessment of audit risk, audit strategy, fo-
of its members participate in the decision-making.
cus, materiality, and planning, as well as the audit
In any case, at least three members must partici-
results. It also regularly meets with the auditor with-
pate. Supervisory Board decisions require a major-
out the Management Board present.
ity of the votes cast unless otherwise stipulated by
law or the Articles of Association. Abstentions are
As of December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee
not considered as votes cast. In case of a tie, the
was composed of:
Chair’s vote, or that of the Deputy if the Chair does
not participate, is decisive (casting vote).
— Colin Bond (Chair),
Minutes must be taken of the meetings and deci-
— Dr. Bodo Coldewey (Deputy Chair) and
sions made outside of meetings. The Chair of the
Supervisory Board must sign the minutes.
— Nicholas Haggar.