214
German commercial and professional law, and we The Company accounts for its shares in the associ-
have fulfilled our other German professional re- ate Bioeq AG using the equity method. If there are
sponsibilities in accordance with these require- indications of an impairment of the net investment
ments. In addition, in accordance with Article 10 (2) in Bioeq AG, the Company determines the recover-
point (f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we declare that able amount as of the balance sheet date and com-
we have not provided non-audit services prohibited pares it with the respective carrying amount. If the
under Article 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation. We carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount,
believe that the evidence we have obtained is suffi- an impairment loss is recognized. The recoverable
cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell
opinions on the consolidated financial statements and value in use. The recoverable amount of the
and on the combined management report. net investment is determined based on the higher
value in use (of the net investment in Bioeq AG)
Key audit matters in the audit of the consolidated and is primarily based on the discounted projected
financial statements
cash inflows from the marketing of the product
FYB201.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our pro-
fessional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements The impairment test for the net investment in Bioeq
for the fiscal year from January 1 to December 31, AG is complex and relies on a number of judgmen-
2025. These matters were taken into account in tal assumptions. These include, in particular, the
the context of our audit of the consolidated finan- long-term decline rate and the planning horizon as
cial statements as a whole and in forming our audit key assumptions for determining the projected
opinion thereon; we do not issue a separate audit sales of the FYB201 product. Likewise, the discount
opinion on these matters. rates used, which are based on term-dependent
costs of capital, are subject to judgment.
In fiscal year 2025, competition among biosimilar
The impairment of investments in
providers of the FYB201 product in the U.S. in-
associates (Bioeq AG)
creased significantly. In the first quarter, the FYB201
product was withdrawn from the market by the li-
censing partner in the U.S. and reintroduced at the
For information on the accounting policies and as-
beginning of 2026 with significant price reductions.
sumptions applied, please refer to Note 6 of the
This led to an adjustment in volume and margins in
consolidated financial statements. Details regarding
the medium-term planning. Against the backdrop of
the amount of the investment in Bioeq AG and the
reduced expected future cash inflows due to
amount of the impairment charge are provided in
changed market expectations, the Company recog-
Note 19 of the consolidated financial statements.
nized impairment losses of EUR 17.9 million on its
Explanations regarding the economic development
investments in associates (Bioeq AG) in fiscal year
of the FYB201 project can be found in the summary
2025.
management report under the section “Develop-
ment of Assets, Revenue, and Earnings.”
There is a risk to the consolidated financial state-
ments that the existing impairment was not recog-
Risks related to the financial statements
nized in sufficient amount and that the investments
in associates are therefore impaired. Furthermore,
As of December 31, 2025, the shares in associated
there is a risk that the related notes to the financial
companies (Bioeq AG) amount to EUR 135.2 million
statements are not appropriate.
and, at 18% of total assets, represent a significant
portion of the company’s assets.