Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 119
Revenue
work to fulfill all of the requirements for submitting
applications for the necessary approvals, in particu-
Based on Sandoz’s relaunch of FYB201 in the U.S.
lar from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and
market starting in early 2026 along with the new
European Medicines Agency. Along with the sign-
parallel U.S. marketing partnership with Zydus, we
ing of new licensing partnerships, progress toward
anticipate slightly growing FYB201 sales revenue in
these approvals creates the potential for revenue
fiscal year 2026. The new Zydus launch could start
generation from the attainment of contractually de-
generating revenue in the second half of the year.
fined milestones in the development process, and
additional partnerships could trigger additional up-
According to feedback from our marketing part-
front and milestone payments. Putting these reve-
ners, FYB202 is likewise expected to perform posi-
nue opportunities together, FYB206 is expected to
tively in 2026. Despite the positive political signals
become one of Formycon’s key revenue drivers in
mentioned above, the expectation remains that the
2026, even before the product reaches market
pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) market segment
launch.
in the U.S. will only open gradually. Furthermore,
the highly competitive market environment persists,
In total, Formycon expects consolidated revenue to
particularly in the U.S., making it difficult to predict
increase significantly over the prior year, ending fis-
how quickly and under what pricing conditions fur-
cal year 2026 in the range of € 60 million to € 70
ther market penetration can be achieved. Never-
million.
theless, Formycon anticipates a significant growth
in revenue contribution from FYB202, driven by
EBITDA
various markets around the world, but with the U.S.
and Europe remaining the most important markets. Formycon’s value creation is fundamentally based
In addition, a development milestone in the low sin- upon its diversified development pipeline. The
gle-digit millions is expected to be achieved in Group will therefore continue to invest significantly
early 2026. Overall, the company expects that into its advancing product pipeline, including the
FYB202 will be Formycon’s largest revenue gener- FYB208, FYB209 and FYB210 projects, and to initi-
ator in 2026, delivering on the strong performance ate development work on further product candi-
of its marketing partner Fresenius Kabi. dates.
Following the successful completion of develop- Because the development expenditures for the
ment of Formycon’s new pre-filled syringes for its FYB206 and FYB208 projects are partly capitalized
ophthalmic biosimilars FYB201 and FYB203, with to the extent not externally borne by partners,
the FYB201 product already being launched in se- these do not flow through the financial statements.
lected markets, revenues from development ser-
vices provided by Formycon will decrease signifi-
Considering these effects, EBITDA for full-year
cantly.
2026 is expected to be in the range of zero to € 10
million, reflecting the growth of sales revenue in
For FYB203, revenue from royalties will not yet 2026 but also significant non-capitalized develop-
make a significant contribution, as marketing of the ment investments along with other ongoing com-
product in the key U.S. market will not begin until pany expenses. Formycon thus expects to be able
Q4 2026. Nevertheless, FYB203 will contribute to report a positive EBITDA in the current fiscal
moderately to overall revenue performance year, followed by further and sustainable EBITDA
through service agreements and the supply chain growth in subsequent years.
organization that Formycon is taking over.
With the pharmacokinetic (PK) study of FYB206
having reached its successful conclusion in early
2026, Formycon is pushing forward with intensive