Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 166
earning contractual interest income, maintain- Derecognition
ing a particular interest rate profile, matching
the duration of the financial assets to the dura- Financial assets
tion of any related liabilities or expected cash The Group derecognizes a financial asset when its
outflows, or realizing cash flows through the contractual right to receive cash flows from the fi-
sale of the assets; nancial asset expires, or when it transfers its right
to receive contractual cash flows in a transaction in
— how performance results are evaluated and re- which either the Group transfers substantially all of
ported to the Group’s management; the risks and rewards associated with ownership of
the financial asset are transferred, or when the
Group, although neither transferring nor retaining
— the risks that affect the performance of the
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership,
business model (and the financial assets held
does not retain control of the financial asset.
within that business model) and how those
risks are managed;
Financial liabilities
The Group derecognizes a financial liability when
— how managers of the business are compen-
its contractual obligations are discharged or can-
sated - e.g. whether compensation is based on
celled, or expire. The Group also derecognizes a fi-
the fair value of the assets managed or the
nancial liability when its contractual terms are modi-
contractual cash flows collected; and
fied and the cash flows of the modified liability are
substantially different, in which case a new financial
— the frequency, volume and timing of sales of fi-
liability based on the modified terms is recognized
nancial assets in prior periods and expectations
at fair value.
about future sales activity.
Upon derecognition of a financial liability, the differ-
Financial liabilities: Classification, subsequent
ence between the carrying amount extinguished
measurement, and gains and losses
and the consideration paid (including any non-cash
Financial liabilities are classified and measured at
assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recog-
amortized cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is clas-
nized in profit or loss.
sified at FVTPL if it is classified as held for trading,
is a derivative, or is designated as such upon initial
Subscribed capital
recognition.
Costs directly attributable to the issuance of com-
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair
mon shares are recorded as a deduction from eq-
value, with net gains and/or losses, including inter-
uity. Income tax effects relating to the transaction
est expense, recognized in profit or loss.
costs of an equity measure are recognized directly
in equity in accordance with IAS 12.
Other financial liabilities are subsequently meas-
ured at amortized cost using the effective interest
Asset impairment
method. Interest expense and foreign currency
translation differences are recognized in profit or
Financial assets (excluding derivatives)
loss. Any gain or loss upon derecognition is also
recognized in profit or loss.
Financial instruments and contract assets
The Group recognizes loss allowances for ex-
With the exception of the obligation to pay contin-
pected credit losses (ECLs) on:
gent consideration under the Athos transaction and
the separable embedded derivative from the is-
sued bond, all of the Group’s financial liabilities are — financial assets measured at amortized cost,
and
measured at amortized cost.