Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 24 Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 25
Independent
Responsibility statement profit or loss of the Company, and that the
Combined Management Report includes a fair
auditor’s report
To the best of our knowledge, we confirm that review of the development and performance of
these Financial Statements of Formycon AG, pre- the business and the position of the Company and
pared in accordance with the applicable accounting the Group, along with a description of the principal
principles under German law, provide a true and fair risks and opportunities associated with its expected
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and future development.
To Formycon AG, Planegg-Martinsried for the financial year from January 1 to Decem-
ber 31, 2024 in compliance with German
Report on the audit of the annual Legally Required Accounting Principles, and
financial statements and the combined
Martinsried/Planegg, Germany, March 26, 2025 management report — the accompanying combined management
report as a whole provides an appropriate
Audit Opinions view of the Company's position. In all material
We have audited the annual financial statements of respects, this combined management report is
Formycon AG, Planegg-Martinsried, which comprise consistent with the annual financial statements,
the balance sheet as at December 31, 2024, and complies with German legal requirements
the income statement for the financial year from and appropriately presents the opportunities
January 1 to December 31, 2024, and notes to the and risks of future development. Our audit
financial statements, including the recognition and opinion on the combined management report
Dr. Stefan Glombitza Nicola Mikulcik measurement policies presented therein. In addi- does not cover the content of those parts of
tion, we have audited the combined management the combined management report listed in
report of Formycon AG and the Group (the "com- the "Other information" section. The com-
bined management report") for the financial year bined management report contains cross-ref-
from January 1 to December 31, 2024. erences marked as unaudited that are not
required by law. Our audit opinion does not
In accordance with the German legal requirements, cover these cross-references or the informa-
Dr. Andreas Seidl Enno Spillner
we have not audited the content of those parts of tion to which the cross-references relate.
the combined management report listed in the
"Other Information" section of our auditor's report. Pursuant to § 322 Abs. 3 Satz 1 HGB, we declare
that our audit has not led to any reservations relat-
The combined management report contains ing to the legal compliance of the annual financial
cross-references marked as unaudited that are not statements and of the combined management
required by law. In accordance with German legal report.
requirements, we have not audited the content of
these cross-references or the information to which Basis for the audit opinions
the cross-references relate. We conducted our audit of the annual financial
statements and of the combined management re-
In our opinion, based on the findings of our audit, port in accordance with § 317 HGB and the EU Audit
the accompanying annual financial statements Regulation (No 537/2014, referred to subsequently
as "EU Audit Regulation") and in compliance with
— the accompanying annual financial state- German Generally Accepted Standards for Finan-
ments comply, in all material respects, with cial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut
the requirements of German commercial law der Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in
applicable to business corporations and give Germany] (IDW). Our responsibilities under those
a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and requirements and principles are further described
financial position of the Company as at Decem- in the "Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the
ber 31, 2024 and of its financial performance Annual Financial Statements and of the Combined