Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 118
deal for this second and separate FYB201 product Teva Pharmaceuticals International will serve as the
with U.S. partner Zydus, and the new brand is ex- semi-exclusive marketing partner for large parts of
pected to generate revenue starting from the sec- Europe and Israel, with Lotus Pharmaceutical as
ond half of 2026. marketing partner for the Asia-Pacific region and
Valorum Biologics for the United States. Additional
FYB202, Formycon’s second biosimilar product, en- partners, including Actor, Horus, NTC, Megalabs,
tered the commercial market in 2025. At the end of and MS Pharma, will cover further regions spanning
February 2025, commercialization partner the globe.
Fresenius Kabi was able to launch the product in
the United States. Within Europe, FYB202/Otulfi® In the case of FYB206, initial licensing and market-
was successively launched in various countries ing partnerships were successfully signed in late
starting from the beginning of March 2025. 2025 and early 2026 with MS Pharma, Zydus and
Lotus for the MENA region, North America and
Within the context of this ongoing market introduc- parts of the APAC region, thereby generating reve-
tion, it has become apparent that the market oppor- nue from upfront payments as well as payments
tunity for biosimilars within the U.S. pharmaceutical from initial milestone. In the next phase, as devel-
benefit segment continues to gradually open, but opment progresses toward regulatory approval, fur-
more slowly than had been assumed. Taking this ther development milestones are expected to be
recent experience into account, Formycon expects achieved, generating significant additional revenue
sales revenue to increase measurably but more to Formycon over time. Furthermore, additional
slowly than originally planned. partnerships for other regions are being pursued,
which should result in further upfront payments un-
der these licensing deals.
Government-led changes in the U.S. could have
positive effects for Formycon, particularly for prod-
ucts such as FYB202 that depend upon the phar- Formycon’s biosimilar candidates FYB208, FYB209
macy benefit manager (PBM) market segment. The and most recently FYB210, a project initiated in
current U.S. administration is increasingly signaling 2024, are in different stages of development. Dur-
publicly that it intends to restructure this area within ing the second half of 2025, FYB208 was able, with
the medium term, with the changes expected to fa- the attainment of the Technical Proof of Similarity
vor biosimilars. This suggests that competitive con- (TPoS) milestone, to enter the clinical development
ditions for biosimilars in the U.S. should improve. phase. During 2026, the necessary preparatory
work will be done to commence clinical trials and
develop commercial-scale production.
Following the successful approvals of its Eylea® bi-
osimilar FYB203 in the U.S. and Europe, Formycon
was engaged during 2025, as in the preceding Biosimilars have already demonstrated in the past,
year, in various patent-related negotiations aimed through numerous product examples, that they can
at establishing a potential market launch date. achieve a sustainable long-term market position
These successful efforts have led to Formycon fi- and profitable business model. Formycon’s strategy
nally reaching an agreement with the manufacturer remains focused on securing a leading position, to-
of the reference drug, thus enabling the market gether with its partners, in this dynamically growing
launch by our U.S. license partner in the fourth global market.
quarter of 2026 and by our partners in Europe and
other territories starting in May of 2026. This break-
through will now allow the product to be launched
in these two key regions without further delay, with
moderate initial license revenue expected already
in the current fiscal year.