Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 155
Already endorsed by the European Union: necessarily adequately reflect the influence of
these contracts on the performance of the re-
— Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting porting company. The following changes have
Standards – Volume 11: The annual improve- been made to better reflect these contracts in
ments process is limited to changes that either companies' financial statements:
clarify the wording of an IFRS standard or cor-
rect relatively minor unintended consequences, — Clarification of the application of the
oversights or conflicts between requirements in own use exemption to these contracts.
the standards. It contains the following main
adjustments: — Adjustment of the rules for hedge ac-
counting with the option of using con-
— IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of Interna- tracts referencing nature-dependent
tional Financial Reporting Standards: renewable energy sources as a hedg-
Hedge accounting by a first-time ing instrument if certain conditions are
adopter met.
— IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclo- — Introduction of additional disclosure
sures: Profit or loss from derecogni- requirements regarding the impact of
tion; disclosure of differences be- these contracts on the financial perfor-
tween fair value and transaction price; mance and future cash flow of a com-
credit risk disclosures pany.
— IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: Derecog- The amended standard is to be applied to re-
nition of lease liabilities; transaction porting periods beginning on or after January 1,
price 2026. Early application of the changes is per-
mitted. The Group currently assumes that there
— IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial State- will be no material impact on its consolidated fi-
ments: Determining a “de facto agent” nancial statements.
— IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: Cost — Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Classifica-
method. tion and Measurement of Financial Instruments:
The amendments clarify the classification of fi-
nancial assets that are linked to environmental,
The amended standard is to be applied to
social and governance (ESG) and similar char-
reporting periods beginning on or after January
acteristics. The amendments clarify how the
1, 2026. Early application of the changes is
contractual cash flows of such instruments are
permitted. The Group currently assumes that
to be assessed in terms of subsequent meas-
there will be no material impact on its
urement, i.e. amortized cost accounting or fair
consolidated financial statements.
value accounting. The amendments also ad-
dress the settlement of liabilities through elec-
— Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Contracts
tronic payment systems. The amendments clar-
Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity: Con-
ify, when a financial asset or financial liability is
tracts referencing nature-dependent electricity
derecognized. In addition, an option has been
are often structured as so-called power pur-
introduced that allows an entity to derecognize
chase agreements (PPA). The purchase based
a financial liability before delivering cash on the
on these contracts can fluctuate due to unfore-
settlement date, provided that certain criteria
seen events such as weather conditions. Ap-
are met. The amendments also introduced ad-
plying the current accounting regulations may
ditional disclosure requirements with regard to
lead to effects on net income that do not
investments in equity instruments measured at