Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 107
ensure compliance with these GCP regulatory re- suppliers of reference products and biosimilar man-
quirements. ufacturers is standard procedure.
Patent and other intellectual property (IP) risks Regulatory and political risks
Formycon Group’s success, competitive position The requirements and conditions for the regulatory
and future revenues depend upon its ability to navi- approval of drugs by the relevant authorities are
gate the complex intellectual property landscape subject to constant change. The risk cannot be ex-
as it develops its biosimilar candidates with the aim cluded that these authorities might change the reg-
of approval and market launch, generally as ulatory requirements in such a way as to impede, or
promptly as possible upon patent expiry of the orig- even entirely preclude, the regulatory approval re-
inator drug. This means that Formycon must not quired for a biosimilar to reach market. Moreover,
only establish legal protections for its own intellec- the political and public policy environment, particu-
tual property and know-how but also ensure that it larly in the European Union and the United States,
does not encroach upon the legitimate intellectual may have a significant influence on market oppor-
property rights of third parties, such as patents, tunities for biosimilars as a whole or within specific
trademarks and design rights. This may, under cer- areas of indication. For example, politically influ-
tain circumstances, also mean challenging the va- enced changes to regulations governing biosimilars
lidity or scope of intellectual property rights claimed and their interchangeability with the original patent
by third parties. drugs may have an impact on competition or pric-
ing and thus have a significant impact on sales rev-
The possibility of patent infringements, even if only enue for the biosimilar market as a whole and on
alleged, is an inherent risk in biosimilar develop- future Formycon-developed products in particular.
ment because of the large number of potentially Furthermore, the possibility cannot be ruled out,
relevant patents which must be considered. Dis- particularly in the U.S., that a partial or complete
putes with competitors or other patent owners, or government shutdown could lead to delays in the
defense against lawsuits claiming patent infringe- regulatory approval process.
ment, may pose a considerable financial burden.
Particularly in the U.S., such legal actions can be Specifically in the U.S., there is a risk that tariffs on
very expensive. Such disputes may extend over a biosimilars or on materials used to manufacture
long period of time and thus lead to a delayed mar- them could affect their economic viability in strate-
ket launch. In the worst case, such proceedings can gically important target markets. Such import tariffs
result in restrictions on, or even the prohibition of, could significantly reduce the price advantage over
the marketing of one or more products within rele- reference drugs or domestically produced biosimi-
vant markets, and/or the imposition of sizable fines. lars, thereby jeopardizing the company's interna-
Such a legal action could also make it necessary to tional competitive position. If customs duties are
cease the development, launch or marketing of one passed on in full to consumers, this could lead to a
or more products. decline in sales volumes, which could reduce the
profitability of individual products. As a result, it
In order to avoid infringements upon the intellec- could become necessary to postpose or cancel
tual property rights of others, Formycon conducts planned market launches, which could lead to de-
exhaustive patent searches already at the time that clines in sales. Even if market launches proceed as
project candidates are selected, then continues to planned, there is the related risk that the strategic
closely monitor the relevant patent environment investment in the development and approval of in-
over the course of the development of its biosimilar dividual biosimilars might not pay off.
candidates. Nevertheless, the possibility cannot be
excluded that Formycon could be the subject of pa- A final assessment of the economic and strategic
tent litigation, even if such litigation is unjustified. In consequences of any customs and import risks is
the U.S. in particular, patent litigation between the not possible at this point in time, as both regulatory