Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 109
burden on healthcare system costs.94 The political Through the experience and expertise of its staff
will to act as a result of these cost pressures could and its strategic partners, the strategic positioning
also, by increasing the pressure on biopharmaceu- of its product development portfolio, and its strong
tical prices, impact Formycon’s business environ- financial footing, Formycon strives to face these
ment. competitive challenges. Nevertheless, it cannot be
excluded that competitors might, in an unexpected
The prevailing overall economic situation is charac- or unpredictable way, find themselves in an advan-
terized by additional uncertainties (see “Regulatory tageous competitive position relative to, and to the
and political risks”) which could have a negative im- detriment of, Formycon’s products, thereby ad-
pact on the market situation. versely impacting financial performance.
Financing, credit and liquidity risks
The current aim of Formycon is to launch its prod-
ucts, through its respective partners either entirely Formycon’s liquidity situation and equity capitaliza-
or in part, upon expiry of patent protection on the tion is stable, and the Group’s liquidity position is
reference product in the respective market. Due to particularly satisfactory for a company which has
Formycon’s positioning as an independent player not yet attained profitability and whose products
within the biosimilars market space, situations may are largely still in the development stage. Irrespec-
arise in which a commercialization partner for one tive of this, conditions within the Group’s operating
product, such as a partner company named in this business may change, giving rise to financial risks –
report, is also a competitor for another product. In for example, through slower market penetration,
each market, Formycon must compete not only lower product sales volumes, suspension of sales
with the manufacturer of the reference drug, who in certain countries or lower product unit prices
might attempt to defend its market position and es- than expected, as well as delayed or lower pro-
tablish barriers to market entry (e.g. through life-cy- ceeds from out-licensing. As some of the Group’s
cle management), but also with other biosimilar early-stage products are drug candidates which
producers. These include not only major pharma- have not yet obtained regulatory approval, it can-
ceutical corporations such as Amgen, Biocon, Bio- not be ruled out that one or more such approvals
gen, Fresenius Kabi, Pfizer, Samsung Bioepis, could come later than anticipated, or that the scope
Sandoz and Teva but also smaller and highly spe- of approval could be different than planned, or that
cialized biosimilars companies such as Alvotech, approval could be denied. Moreover, the required
Celltrion and Xbrane. The competition situation in financial outlays for product development, regula-
each specific case is influenced by the pricing of tory approval and market launch could substantially
the reference product, the number of competitors, exceed planned budgets. There is also the possibil-
their pricing strategy, and the market potential. It is, ity that future license income, even subsequent to
in addition, entirely possible that the manufacturer regulatory approval, could be less than anticipated.
of the originator product might reduce its pricing An increased number of change orders and uncer-
upon the market entry of new and competing bio- tainties within ongoing projects have the effect of
similars, or seek to enter into discount agreements increasing not only costs but also risks.
with health insurers or other major buyers over ex-
tended contractually binding periods, in order to re-
In order to mitigate such financial risks in its ongo-
tain market share. This would improve its defensive
ing operating business, Formycon undertakes
competitive position against a new biosimilar entry
highly detailed and long-term planning, drawing
and make it more difficult for the biosimilar to take
also on outside expertise. The financial risks of pro-
share.
ject development, which Formycon bears entirely
by itself during the initial development phase, have
been significantly reduced for projects FYB201 and
94 Unaudited information