#fyb4Growth — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 64
This decision by the regulatory authorities is based analytical evidence was so compelling. In other
on what is now many years of clinical experience cases, conversely, biosimilar candidates have been
with numerous biosimilars already on the market. denied approval despite successful phase III trials
Moreover, extensive regulatory analyses have due to questionable analytical results.2 This shows
shown that comparative efficacy studies have not that, in deciding whether to grant approval of a
historically provided any additional decision-rele- biosimilar, phase III clinical trials have dubious value
vant information that could not already be derived and limited decision-making relevance.
from analytical and PK data.1
Finally, there is an ethical dimension: If the large
The shift in regulatory approval paradigm is thus number of clinical efficacy studies on biosimilars
driven by a clear logic: If modern analytical methods have been failing to reliably identify clinically
and functional assays are able to detect differences relevant differences, is it fair to recruit seriously ill
more sensitively than traditional clinical efficacy patients as study subjects? The new thinking of
endpoints, then resources should be allocated whe- regulators, based on solid science, to dispense with
re they deliver the greatest scientific value. Deci- studies of inferior informative value serves not only
ding that a phase III efficacy study is superfluous the interests of efficiency but also the interests of
does not mean a lowering of regulatory standards; patients.
to the contrary, it is because analytical methods for
characterizing complex proteins have advanced Formycon as a pioneer of a new
dramatically in recent years. Structure, glycosyla- development model
tion, aggregation behavior and functional activity
can now be directly compared with high precision. In this rapidly evolving environment for the regu-
In vitro functional assays can be conducted within latory approval of biosimilars, Formycon has been
the sensitive range of the dose-response curve and at the forefront: In the case of its pembrolizumab
detect even minimal deviations compared to the biosimilar candidate FYB206, the company was
biosimilar’s reference drug. among the first developers to coordinate and
successfully agree an optimized clinical develop-
In addition, retrospective analyses of European ment program with the FDA without the need for a
approvals have shown that decisions on biosimilars separate comparative efficacy study.
have invariably been consistent with these analyti-
cal results but not necessarily with the outcome of The success of this extraordinary, non-routine
clinical efficacy studies. Biosimilars have already, consultation process was the result of Formycon’s
in some specific cases, been approved despite intensive scientific preparation, regulatory experti-
formalistic failures in phase III trials because the se, and clearly structured data strategy. It positions
1, 2 The Tailored Biosimilar Approach: Expectations and Requirements
https://doi.org/10.1007/s40265-025-02168-y