Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 90
ended the year clearly above the originally forecast such as the waiving of separate clinical efficacy
range (€ -10 million to € -20 million). studies (phase III clinical trials) as a standard re-
quirement, are serving to shorten development cy-
Adjusted EBITDA of € 2.3 million (2024: € 1.6 mil- cles and make them more efficient while more
lion) additionally includes Formycon’s earnings from broadly enabling related improvements to organi-
- -
FYB201, its ranibizumab biosimilar, which is primar- zational and cost structures. Moreover, the increas-
ily reported as an at-equity result below EBITDA ing use of digital technologies and artificial intelli-
through Formycon’s 50% shareholding in Bioeq AG. gence is providing new avenues to focus and
This figure was also significantly above the origi- streamline the biosimilar development processes.
nally forecast range of € -10 million to € -20 million,
largely thanks to the upfront payment from market- In summary, the Management Board assesses the
ing partner Zydus following the successful conclu- Group’s business performance during fiscal year
sion of a licensing agreement with Bioeq AG for 2025 as fundamentally successful, both strategi-
FYB201/Nufymco®. A detailed explanation can be cally and operationally. Despite challenges in the
found in the segment report in the Notes to the commercial market environment and a slower-than-
Consolidated Financial Statements. expected sales growth trajectory, recent changes in
the regulatory framework are creating a favorable
The equity ratio at the close of 2025 was approx. environment for faster and more cost-efficient bio-
54% (2024: 60%), while cash and cash equivalents similar development. Formycon’s core scientific ex-
closed the year at € 68.8 million (2024: € 41.8 mil- pertise will play a central role in taking full ad-
lion). Working capital was € 70.1 million (2024: vantage of this. The operational and regulatory
€ 55.1 million), above the projected range of € 55 milestones achieved during the year underscore
million to € 65 million. This favorable result is pri- the steady progress of Formycon’s pipeline and the
marily attributable to the proceeds of the bond is- value being created. Formycon’s attainment in
suance along with upfront payments from the li- 2025 of the leading position among Keytruda® bio-
censing partnerships for Formycon’s FYB206 bio- similar developers is particularly noteworthy. The
similar candidate. expanded development of Formycon products al-
ready on the market with additional targeted
presentations and complementary semi-exclusive
Formycon consistently aligns its corporate strategy
distribution partnerships, as well as the optimization
across its four strategic pillars: geographic diversifi-
of the Group’s organizational structures and its
cation, an intelligent portfolio strategy with con-
solid financial foundation, are working together to
sistent execution, scientific excellence and innova-
sustainably strengthen Formycon’s competitive po-
tion not only in development work but also in the
sition. Against this backdrop, the Group considers
regulatory approval process, and operational excel-
itself well-positioned to achieve further growth in
lence and lean development with close attention to
the coming years and to transition to sustainable
cost efficiency. These principles guide the Com-
EBITDA profitability.
pany’s key decisions, particularly in the areas of
project pipeline, partnerships and capital allocation.
They proved their worth during fiscal year 2025
and form the basis for the sustainable further devel-
opment of Formycon’s business model.
Drawing upon its successful development and ap-
proval of three biosimilar products to date, the
Company made a strategic decision to leverage the
experience gained through these to consolidate re-
sources and further optimize their allocation. Re-
cent favorable regulatory developments, in particu-
lar simplifications to the biosimilar approval process