Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 159
Shares in joint ventures, which are accounted for has been completed. Depending on the contractual
using the equity method, are initially recognized at design, these licenses may include marketing rights
acquisition cost, including transaction costs. Subse- for certain regions, sublicensing rights for certain
quent to this initial recognition, these Financial regions, and/or rights to develop, manufacture and
Statements include the Group’s share of the com- register the products. In some cases, the Group
prehensive income of the financial assets ac- may retain certain rights. The Group subsequently
counted for using the equity method until the date receives license revenue for the granted rights
upon which such significant influence or joint con- based upon product sales within the licensed terri-
trol ends. tories. If the amount can be reliably determined, the
Group recognizes the revenue at the time the li-
Consolidation of intragroup transactions cense is granted. As a rule, however, such license
revenues depend upon actual product sales and
In preparing these Financial Statements, balances
thus the amount generated thereby can only be re-
and transactions between the Company and con-
liably determined over time. The corresponding li-
solidated subsidiaries thereof, as well as any unre-
cense revenue is allocated as variable considera-
alized intercompany income and expenses (other
tion to the separate performance obligation of
than income and expenses arising from foreign cur-
granting a license.
rency transactions), have been eliminated. In the
case of companies accounted for using the equity
These license agreements may also include upfront
method (associates and joint ventures), any unreal-
payments, which are likewise allocated to the rele-
ized gains on transactions have been offset against
vant license grant performance obligation. Revenue
the investment asset, but not by more than the
from such upfront payments is recognized at the
Group’s investment in the respective company. Un-
time the license is granted.
realized losses have been analogously offset (i.e.
added to the investment asset), but only where
there is no indication of impairment. In addition the company generates revenues from
the provision of development and other services to
Transactions in foreign currencies assist with the completion of product development
through to market approval. These other services
Business transactions in foreign currencies are con-
may include, for example, the organization of clini-
verted into the functional currency of the respective
cal studies and the preparation of approval docu-
Group company at the spot rate on the date of the
ments. The customer agreement may provide for
transaction.
ongoing reimbursement of costs or defined mile-
stones. Services rendered but not yet been in-
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a voiced are reported as contract assets. In the case
foreign currency as of the reporting date are trans- of ongoing reimbursements, the regular payments
lated into the functional currency at the closing rate are recognized against contract assets as received,
for the period. Non-monetary assets and liabilities whereas milestone payments are only recognized
measured at fair value in a foreign currency are against contract assets provided that the relevant
translated at the exchange rate in effect at the time milestones havehave been achieved. Revenue is
the fair value was measured. Non-monetary items recorded over the development period using the
measured at historical cost in a foreign currency cost-to-cost method. Associated costs are recog-
are translated at the exchange rate prevailing on nized in profit or loss as they are incurred.
the transaction date. Currency translation differ-
ences are recognized in period profit and loss and
In some cases, a single customer contract may
included within finance income and finance cost.
combine different kinds of performance obligations,
such as both the granting of a license and the pro-
Revenue from contracts with customers
vision of development services.
The Group generates revenue by granting licenses
for the marketing of products once development