Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 28 Financial Statements of Formycon AG for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 29
Our opinions on the annual financial statements report that, as a whole, provides an appropriate they could reasonably be expected to influence the going concern. If we conclude that a mate-
and on the combined management report do not view of the Company's position and is, in all mate- economic decisions of users taken on the basis of rial uncertainty exists, we are required to
cover the other information, and consequently we rial respects, consistent with the annual financial these annual financial statements and combined draw attention in the auditor's report to the
do not express an opinion or any other form of statements, complies with German legal require- management report. related disclosures in the annual financial
assurance conclusion thereon. ments and appropriately presents the opportunities statements and in the combined management
and risks of future development. In addition, the We exercise professional judgment and maintain report or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to Executive Board is responsible for such arrange- professional skepticism throughout the audit. In to modify our respective audit opinions. We
read the other information referred to above and, in ments and measures (systems) as it has considered addition draw our conclusions on the basis of the
doing so, consider whether the other information necessary to enable the preparation of a combined audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
management report that is in accordance with the — Identify and assess the risks of material auditor's report. However, future events or
— - is materially inconsistent with the annual applicable German legal requirements, and to be misstatement of the annual financial state- conditions may cause the Company to cease
financial statements, with the audited disclo- able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for ments and of the combined management to be able to continue as a going concern.
sures in the combined management report the assertions in the combined management report. report, whether due to fraud or error, design
or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or and perform audit procedures responsive to — Evaluate the overall presentation, structure
The Supervisory Board is responsible for oversee- those risks, and obtain audit evidence that and content of the annual financial state-
— - otherwise appears to be materially misstated. ing the company's financial reporting process for is sufficient and appropriate to provide a ments, including the disclosures, and whether
the preparation of the annual financial statements basis for our audit opinions. The risk of not the annual financial statements present the
Responsibilities of the Executive Board and the and of the combined management report. detecting a material misstatement result- underlying transactions and events in a man-
Supervisory Board for the annual financial state- ing from fraud is higher than the risk of not ner that the annual financial statements give
ments and the combined management report Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the detecting a material misstatement resulting a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
annual financial statements and of the combined from error, as fraud may involve collusion, financial position and financial performance
The Management Board is responsible for the management report forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresen- of the Company in compliance with German
preparation of the annual financial statements that tations, or the override of internal control. Legally Required Accounting Principles.
comply, in all material respects, with the require- Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
ments of German commercial law applicable to about whether the annual financial statements as a — Obtain an understanding of internal control rel- — Evaluate the consistency of the com-
business corporations, and that the annual financial whole are free from material misstatement, whether evant to the audit of the annual financial state- bined management report with the
statements give a true and fair view of the assets, due to fraud or error, and whether the combined ments and of arrangements and measures annual financial statements, its confor-
liabilities, financial position and financial perfor- management report as a whole provides an ap- (systems) relevant to the audit of the combined mity with German law, and the view of
mance of the Company in compliance with German propriate view of the Company's position and, in management report in order to design audit the Company's position it provides.
Legally Required Accounting Principles. In addition, all material respects, is consistent with the annual procedures that are appropriate in the circum-
the Management Board is responsible for such financial statements and the knowledge obtained in stances, but not for the purpose of expressing — Perform audit procedures on the prospec-
internal control as they, in accordance with German the audit, comply with German legal requirements an opinion on the effectiveness of the Com- tive information presented by the Executive
Legally Required Accounting Principles, have deter- and appropriately present the opportunities and pany's internal control or on the effective- Board in the combined management report.
mined necessary to enable the preparation of an- risks of future development, as well as to issue an ness of these arrangements and measures. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit
nual financial statements that are free from material auditor's report that includes our audit opinions on evidence we evaluate, in particular, the sig-
misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e. accounting the annual financial statements and on the com- — Evaluate the appropriateness of account- nificant assumptions used by the Executive
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation) or error. bined management report. ing policies used by the Executive Board Board as a basis for the prospective infor-
and the reasonableness of account- mation, and evaluate the proper derivation
In preparing the annual financial statements, the Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, ing estimates and related disclosures of the prospective information from these
Management Board is responsible for assessing the but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in made by the Executive Board. assumptions. We do not express a sepa-
company's ability to continue as a going concern. accordance with § 317 HGB and the EU Audit Reg- rate audit opinion on the forward-looking
Furthermore, it is responsible for disclosing, as ulation and in compliance with German Generally — Conclude on the appropriateness of the statements or on the underlying assump-
applicable, matters related to going concern. In ad- Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits Board of Management's use of the going tions. There is a significant unavoidable
dition, it is responsible for financial reporting based promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer concern basis of accounting and, based risk that future events will differ materially
on the going concern basis of accounting unless [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW) will on the audit evidence obtained, whether a from the forward-looking statements.
factual or legal circumstances indicate otherwise. always detect a material misstatement. Misstate- material uncertainty exists related to events
Furthermore, the Executive Board is responsible ments can arise from fraud or error and are con- or conditions that may cast significant doubt
for the preparation of the combined management sidered material if, individually or in the aggregate, on the Company's ability to continue as a