216
respective carrying amount. If the carrying amount are any additional indications of impairment not
exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment identified by the company.
loss is recognized. The recoverable amount is the
higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in With the involvement of our valuation specialists,
use. The recoverable amount for the FYB202 prod- we assessed, among other things, the appropriate-
uct was determined based on the higher value in ness of the company’s key assumptions and calcu-
use and is derived from the discounted projected lation method. To this end, we discussed the ex-
cash inflows from the marketing of the FYB202 pected sales of the FYB202 product with those re-
product. sponsible for planning. By reconciling these figures
with other internally available forecasts, e.g., for tax
The impairment test for the capitalized develop- purposes, and the budget prepared by the legal
ment costs of the FYB202 product is complex and representatives, we assessed their internal con-
relies on a number of judgmental assumptions. sistency. The appropriateness of the assumptions
These include, in particular, the projected sales of was also evaluated against external market assess-
the FYB202 product and the planning horizon as ments.
key assumptions for the calculation. Similarly, the
discount rates used, which are based on term-de- Furthermore, we verified the Company’s historical
pendent costs of capital, are subject to judgment. forecasting accuracy by comparing plans from pre-
vious fiscal years with the results actually achieved
In the context of negotiations between the com- and analyzing any variances.
mercialization partner Fresenius Kabi AG and U.S.
contract partners for the FYB202 product, a com- We compared the assumptions and data underlying
petitive market environment with significant price the discount rate, in particular the risk-free interest
pressure is emerging. This will result in lower rate, the market risk premium, and the beta factor,
growth during the product’s launch in the U.S. with our own assumptions and publicly available
Against the backdrop of the reduction in expected data.
future market revenues, the Company has recog-
nized impairment losses of EUR 59.6 million on the
To assess the methodologically and mathematically
intangible assets (FYB202).
sound implementation of the valuation method, we
reproduced the valuation performed by the com-
There is a risk to the consolidated financial state- pany using our own calculations and analyzed any
ments that the existing impairment was not recog- deviations.
nized in a sufficient amount and that the capitalized
development costs are therefore impaired. In addi-
To account for existing forecast uncertainty, we also
tion, there is a risk that the related notes to the fi-
examined the effects of possible changes in the
nancial statements are not appropriate.
discount rate and expected cash inflows on the re-
coverable amount by calculating alternative scenar-
Our audit approach ios and comparing them with the Company’s valua-
tion results (sensitivity analysis).
We obtained an understanding of the Company’s
process for identifying indicators of impairment and Finally, we assessed whether the notes to the finan-
determining recoverable amounts through discus- cial statements regarding the impairment of the
sions with finance department personnel and an as- capitalized development costs for the FYB202
sessment of the Group’s accounting policies. We product are appropriate.
analyzed the indications of impairment identified by
the company and, based on the information ob-
tained during our audit, assessed whether there