Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 138
Company. This monitoring and advisory function Klinge Pharma GmbH and Aristo Pharma GmbH are
also specifically includes sustainability issues. The indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of ATHOS KG.
Supervisory Board is involved in decisions of funda- Wolfgang Essler disclosed the potential conflict of
mental importance for Formycon. At regular inter- interest to the other members of the Supervisory
vals, the Supervisory Board discusses matters of Board. Wolfgang Essler agreed to the resolution
strategy, planning, business development, risk situ- being passed by the other members of the Supervi-
ation, risk management, compliance, and other sig- sory Board. Otherwise, no conflicts of interest were
nificant events important for assessing the situa- reported in the fiscal year 2025.
tion, development, and management of the Com-
pany and the Group. It reviews the annual and con- In cases of significant and non-temporary conflicts
solidated financial statements, the combined man- of interest involving a Supervisory Board member,
agement report of the Company and the Group, the member should resign from its position.
and the Management Board’s proposal for the ap-
propriation of net income. It adopts the Company’s
New Supervisory Board members participate in an
annual financial statements and approves the con-
onboarding program that includes an introduction
solidated financial statements, based on the prelim-
to corporate governance regulations, the Compa-
inary review results by the Audit Committee and
ny's business activities, and strategic orientation,
considering the auditors’ reports. The Supervisory
along with preparatory discussions with Manage-
Board decides on the proposal for the appropria-
ment Board members.
tion of net income and the Supervisory Board re-
port to the General Meeting. It also addresses the
Supervisory Board members ensure they have suf-
Company’s sustainability reporting.
ficient time to fulfill their mandate. If a Supervisory
Board member also serves on the Management
The Supervisory Board members are committed
Board of a publicly listed company, they should not
solely to the Company’s interests. They must not
hold more than two Supervisory Board mandates in
pursue personal interests in their decisions or ex-
external listed companies or comparable roles, nor
ploit business opportunities available to the Com-
serve as the chair of a Supervisory Board in an ex-
pany or any other Group companies for them-
ternal listed company. A member who does not
selves, a closely related natural or legal person, or
serve on a Management Board should not hold
any other institution or association with which they
more than five Supervisory Board mandates at ex-
are associated. Each Supervisory Board member
ternal listed companies or comparable roles in to-
must immediately disclose any existing or potential
tal, with a chair position counting double.
conflict of interest to the Chair of the Supervisory
Board, particularly those arising from advisory or
Composition
board positions at customers, suppliers, lenders to
the Company, or other third parties.
In the fiscal year 2025, the Supervisory Board com-
prised the following members:
Information regarding conflicts of interest and their
handling is included in the Supervisory Board re-
port. The Chair of the Supervisory Board, Wolfgang
Essler, is managing director of Santo Holding
(Deutschland) GmbH, a 100 % subsidiary of Wolfgang Essler
ATHOS KG. Due to a potential conflict of interest
arising from this function, Wolfgang Essler did not — Born: 1972
participate in the resolution regarding the conclu-
sion of a service agreement between the Company — Chair of the Supervisory Board
and Klinge Pharma GmbH, nor in the resolution
concerning the conclusion of a service agreement
— Member since July 25, 2023
between the Company and Aristo Pharma GmbH;