Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 197
bonds issued or guaranteed by the company or a Company subsidiaries and associated companies,
company dependent on the company or directly or under the authority granted by resolution of the An-
indirectly majority-owned by the company on the nual General Meeting of June 30, 2015 to issue
basis of the authorization resolution of the Annual such stock options at any time up to and including
General Meeting of June 18, 2025, under agenda June 29, 2020. This capital increase is conditional
item 10, until June 17, 2030, exercise their conver- upon such subscription rights having been issued
sion or option rights or fulfill conversion or option and upon the exercise of such subscription rights
obligations arising from such bonds, or if the com- by the holders thereof, and further provided that
pany grants shares in the company instead of pay- the Company does not grant treasury shares or
ing the amount due and if the conversion or option provide a cash settlement in fulfillment of such sub-
rights or conversion or option obligations are not scription rights. The newly issued shares shall par-
serviced by treasury shares, shares from authorized ticipate in profits from the start of the fiscal year for
capital, or other benefits. which, at the time of their issuance, no resolution
has yet been taken by the Annual General Meeting
The new shares shall participate in the company's as to the application of retained profits. The Man-
profits from the beginning of the fiscal year in which agement Board is authorized, subject to approval
they are created and for all subsequent fiscal years. of the Supervisory Board, to determine further de-
Instead, they shall participate in the company's tails regarding the specific implementation of any
profits from the beginning of the fiscal year preced- such contingent capital increase. In the case of
ing their issue if, at the time of the issue of the new such subscription rights (stock options) being
shares, the Annual General Meeting has not yet granted to Management Board members, the Su-
passed a resolution on the appropriation of profits pervisory Board is similarly authorized. The Super-
for that fiscal year. The Management Board is au- visory Board is further authorized to amend the
thorized, with the approval of the Supervisory Company’s articles of incorporation to reflect such
Board, to determine the further details of the imple- utilization of conditional capital.
mentation of the conditional capital increase. The
Supervisory Board is authorized to amend the Arti- A total of 8,500 shares (Previous year: 7,525) were
cles of Association in accordance with the respec- issued during the fiscal year under the Conditional
tive utilization of Conditional Capital 2025/I. The Capital 2015 by exercise of options and 500 op-
same applies in the event that the authorization to tions (Previous year: 0) expired. As of the period
issue bonds is not exercised after the expiration of closing date, a total of 186,450 stock options (Previ-
the authorization period and in the event that Con- ous year: 195,450) remained issued under the Con-
ditional Capital 2025/I is not exercised or not exer- ditional Capital 2015 that were neither expired nor
cised in full after the expiration of all option and exercised.
conversion periods.
Conditional Capital 2020
Number of subscription rights per sec. 192 para. 2
The Company’s registered capital has been condi-
no. 3 of the Stock Corporation Act
tionally increased by a maximum of € 724,000 for
the issuance of a maximum of 724,000 new nopar-
Conditional Capital 2015
value bearer shares (Conditional Capital 2020). The
The Company’s registered capital has been condi- Conditional Capital 2020 serves exclusively to se-
tionally increased by a maximum of € 376,000 for cure subscription rights (stock options) granted to
the issuance of a maximum of 376,000 new no-par- members of the Management Board and Company
value bearer shares (Conditional Capital 2015).” The employees, as well as executives and employees of
Conditional Capital 2015 serves exclusively to se- Company subsidiaries and
cure subscription rights (stock options) granted to
members of the Management Board and Company
employees, as well as executives and employees of