Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 164
than 95% of biosimilar candidates entering phase 3 The costs to be allocated are determined as costs
clinical trials are, upon completion thereof, proved directly attributable to development; because the
similar to the reference drug. It is also notable that assets are qualifying assets within the meaning of
78% of biosimilars entering phase 1 clinical trials are IAS 23, these costs also include related borrowing
ultimately licensed upon completion of develop- costs. The capitalization of development expendi-
ment work. tures is terminated upon regulatory approval, ex-
cept for subsequent development expenditures
The main activities which Formycon undertakes to which generate an additional economic benefit with
develop a biosimilar candidate may be broadly di- respect to the related asset.
vided into the following six stages:
Other intangible assets
— Market research: assessment of market situa- Other intangible assets acquired by the Group that
tion, identification of possible drug targets and have finite useful lives are measured at cost less
project planning accumulated amortization and any accumulated im-
pairment losses.
— Initial analysis: development of the analytical
method panel, characterization of reference Subsequent expenditures
molecule, definition of quality target, com-
mencement of cell line development Subsequent expenditures relating to goodwill and
intangible assets are capitalized only to the extent
that they generate an additional economic benefit
— Development phase: cell line development, bi-
with respect to the related asset. All other expendi-
osimilar manufacturing process development
tures, including expenses for internally generated
goodwill and brand names, are recognized in profit
— Preclinical testing: in vivo studies generally not
or loss as incurred.
necessary, but comprehensive physiochemical
and bioanalytical testing leading to technical
Amortization
proof of similarity (TPoS)
Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line
— Clinical development: Recent regulatory initia-
basis over the respective estimated useful life. The
tives by the FDA and EMA provide for the pos-
amortization begins from the day the respective as-
sibility of clinical trial Phase III efficacy studies
sets are first used, or in the case of development
for biosimilars under clearly defined conditions.
projects, from the day of initial regulatory approval
Given the high degree of analytical comparabil-
of the drug in question. The amortization is gener-
ity, established development standards, and
ally recognized in profit or loss. Other than through
the prognostic significance of clinical parame-
impairment, goodwill is not amortized.
ters, safety and tolerability data can be col-
lected in certain cases as part of pharmacoki-
netic studies.) The estimated useful lives are:
TPoS is generally the point following completion of — Patents and trademarks: based on the term of
pre-clinical testing at which Formycon is able to the corresponding legal protection: 5-10 years
demonstrate, based on the results thereof, that the
asset resulting from the development fulfills the cri- — Capitalized development costs both acquired
teria of IAS 38.57 and thus that all subsequent de- and internally developed: up to 18 years
velopment expenditures may be deemed part of
the cost of generating the asset and capitalized ac- Amortization methods, useful lives and residual val-
cordingly. Each project is, however, individually as- ues are reviewed on each reporting date and ad-
sessed as to whether the criteria have been met. justed as necessary.