Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 156
fair value through other comprehensive income cash flows when presenting operating
and financial instruments with conditional fea- cash flows under the indirect method.
tures (e.g. ESG targets). The amendments are
effective for reporting periods beginning on or IFRS 18 applies for annual reporting periods be-
after January 1, 2026, subject to EU endorse- ginning on or after January 1, 2027, subject to
ment. Earlier application of the amendments is its adoption into EU law.The Group is still in the
permitted, but is subject to EU endorsement. process of assessing the impact of the new
The Group currently assumes that there will be standard, particularly with respect to the struc-
no material impact on the consolidated finan- ture of the Group’s statement of profit or loss,
cial statements. the statement of cash flows and the additional
disclosures required for MPMs. The Group is
The amended standard is to be applied to re- also assessing the impact on how information
porting periods beginning on or after January 1, is grouped in the financial statements, including
2026. Early application of the changes is per- for items currently labelled as “other”.
mitted. The Group currently assumes that there
will be no material impact on its consolidated fi- — IFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without Public Accounta-
nancial statements. bility: Disclosures: IFRS 19 allows eligible sub-
sidiaries to apply IFRS Accounting Standards
Pending endorsement by the European Union: with the reduced disclosure requirements. A
subsidiary may choose to apply the new stand-
— IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Finan- ard provided that, at the reporting date it does
cial Statements: IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 not have public accountability, and its parent
Presentation of Financial Statements and ap- produces consolidated financial statements un-
plies for annual reporting periods beginning on der IFRS Accounting Standards. A subsidiary
or after January 1, 2027. The new standard in- generally has public accountability if it is listed
troduces the following key new requirements: on a public market or holds assets in a fiduciary
capacity as one of its primary businesses.
— Entities are required to classify all in-
come and expenses into five catego- IFRS 19 applies for annual reporting periods be-
ries in the statement of profit or loss, ginning on or after January 1, 2027, subject to
namely the operating, investing, fi- its adoption into EU law. Earlier application is
nancing, discontinued operations and permitted, but is subject to EU endorsement.
income tax categories. Entities are The group does not meet the application re-
also required to present a newly-de- quirements, thus IFRS 19 will not be applied
fined operating profit subtotal. Entities’ and there will be no impact.
net profit will not change.
3. Functional currency and
presentation currency
— Management-defined performance
measures (MPMs) are disclosed in a
These Financial Statements are presented in euros,
single note in the financial statements.
the Company’s functional currency. Unless other-
wise stated, all amounts in euros presented herein
— Enhances guidance is provided on
have been rounded to the nearest thousand euros
how to group information in the finan-
(€ thousand).
cial statements.
4. Use of judgements and estimates
— In addition, all entities are required to
use the operating profit subtotal as
In preparing these Financial Statements, the Man-
the starting point for the statement of
agement Board has made judgements and