Combined Management Report — Formycon AG Annual Report 2025 94
pass-through of development costs. The decline in FYB202 cash-generating unit (CGU) as of Decem-
segment license revenue was primarily due to the ber 31, 2025, resulting in an impairment write-down
decision of Formycon’s commercialization partner of € 46,005 thousand after tax. As of the fiscal year
to pause the marketing of FYB201 starting from the close, the book value of the CGU was
end of the first quarter of 2025. The decline was, € 247,137 thousand.
however, offset by the successful conclusion of an
additional partnership with Zydus Lifesciences for Within the FYB203 segment, revenues of
the marketing in North America, including an up- € 10,077 thousand (prior year: € 17,676 thousand)
front payment. Formycon’s total earnings from its were reported during the fiscal year, resulting
investment participation in Bioeq AG in the amount largely from the pass-through of development costs
of € 1,227 thousand, compared to € 12,087 thou- incurred. These costs are expected to diminish as
sand in the preceding year, was thus in line with ex- development activities reach completion. In addi-
pectations. Nevertheless, the impairment testing tion, initial revenues were generated from the
carried out identified an impairment loss in the newly concluded agreement with Klinge Pharma
amount of € 17,890 thousand in recognition of the covering the organization of the supply chain, in-
continued diminished outlook which was recorded cluding product manufacturing.
accordingly as a write-down.
In the FYB206 segment, revenues were reported
The FYB202 segment faced a challenging market for the first time in fiscal year 2025 in the amount of
environment during the fiscal year. In addition to € 17,211 thousand (prior year: € 0 thousand). These
revenue recognized from the marketing activities of were primarily generated from the new partner-
partner Fresenius Kabi, additional revenue was rec- ships with MS Pharma (MENA) and Zydus LifeSci-
ognized during the fiscal year from the marketing ences (North America) signed at the end of 2025,
partner for Germany and the MENA region. In addi- in particular the advance payments and initial mile-
tion, revenue was generated from product sales of stone payments due under the terms of the agree-
inventory remaining from development activities, ment.
resulting in total revenue of € 11,992 thousand
compared to € 34,683 thousand in the preceding
The remaining segments FYB208 and FYB209 de-
fiscal year, with the decrease primarily due to signif-
veloped as expected during the fiscal year and
icant non-recurring milestone revenue recognized
have not yet reached the stage at which they are
in 2024. In recognition of the continued challeng-
expected to generate revenue and are presented
ing outlook for future product sales, particularly in
in the segment reporting partially under the posi-
view of the persistently difficult market environ-
tion remaining amount.
ment, an impairment test was performed for the