Consolidated Financial Statements — Formycon AG Annual report 2025 168
present value using a pre-tax discount rate which any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of
reflects current market assessments of the time costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset
value of money and of the risks specific to the as- or to restore the underlying asset or the site on
set or CGU. which it is located, less any lease incentives re-
ceived.
Should the book value of an asset or CGU exceed
this recoverable amount, an impairment loss is rec- The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated
ognized. using the straight-line method from the commence-
ment date to the end of the lease term, unless the
Impairment losses are included in profit or loss. Im- lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset
pairment losses recognized in respect of CGUs are to the Group at the end of the lease term, or unless
first allocated to any goodwill allocated to the CGU, the cost of the right-of-use asset suggests that the
then allocated to the book values of the other as- Group will exercise a purchase option. In either of
sets of the CGU (or group of CGUs) on a pro rata these cases, the right-of-use asset is instead depre-
basis. Each development project generally corre- ciated over the useful life of the underlying asset,
sponds to its own CGU. which is determined on the same basis as in the
case of comparable owned assets. In addition, the
right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impair-
Any impairment of goodwill, once recognized, is
ment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain re-
not reversed. In the case of other (non-goodwill) as-
measurements of the lease liability. If the lease in-
sets, an impairment loss may only be reversed to
cludes extension options and it is likely that these
the extent that the book of the asset does not ex-
will be used, these are assumed in the lease term.
ceed the book value, net of depreciation and amor-
tization, which would exist had no impairment loss
been recognized. The lease liability is initially measured at the pre-
sent value of the lease payments that are not al-
ready paid as of the commencement date, dis-
Leases
counted using the interest rate implicit in the lease
or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the
The Group enters into lease contracts solely as a
Group’s incremental borrowing rate (which is, in
lessee. Upon entry into a contract, the Group first
fact, the relevant discount rate usually used by the
assesses whether the contract constitutes a lease
Group).
or contains a lease component. This is deemed to
be the case when the contract entitles the holder to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of The Group determines its incremental borrowing
time in exchange for payment of a fee. rate by obtaining interest rates from various exter-
nal financing sources and makes adjustments as
necessary to reflect the individual lease term and
Upon commencement of a lease (or contract con-
type of asset leased.
taining a lease component), or when a lease (or
contract containing a lease component) is modified,
the Group allocates the contractual consideration Lease payments included in the measurement of
pro rata based on the stand-alone selling prices of the lease liability may include:
the leased assets.
— fixed payments, including de facto fixed pay-
Upon commencement of the lease, the Group rec- ments;
ognizes a right-of-use (RoU) asset and a lease liabil-
ity. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at — variable lease payments that depend upon a
cost, which comprises the initial amount of the benchmark index or rate, initially set according
lease liability adjusted for any lease payments to the index or rate on the commencement
made on or before the commencement date, plus date;