Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
3.4. Results of application of the policies and indicators
The result of the policies and procedures applied by ROVI in environmental issues is, year after year, a favourable
assessment of the Group’s integrated environmental management system, both internally and externally by the certifying
firms. Additionally, the whole system is periodically reviewed with the management of the different centres and the points
on which these reviews are based include any improvement opportunities and significant changes that may affect the
system and/or environmental management.
1. Pollution and waste management
Waste generation is inherent to the Group’s activity. Precisely for this reason, the treatment and reduction of waste form
an essential part of the ROVI’s commitment to prevent pollution. The processes related to waste treatment are intended
mainly to minimise it in the production processes and, once it has been produced, to manage it correctly to favour using
and placing a value on it whenever possible.
In addition, through the waste managers it works with, ROVI always seeks for a value to be placed on the waste it
generates, rather than its being destroyed.
2. Sustainable use of resources
Regarding energy, at all ROVI’s product plants, water, electricity and gas indicators are verified and reported on a monthly
basis, analysing any possible deviations. Likewise, in all the production plants and the main offices of the Distribution
business, the energy has been contracted with a provider of 100% renewable energy.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that, with regard to sustainability in resource consumption, ROVI includes this point
in the new projects undertaken at its industrial plants. An example of this is the introduction of evaporating equipment that
processes a water outlet stream at the heparin manufacturing plant at the San Sebastián de los Reyes plant, in order to
treat it and produce water that may be fed back into the process, thus reducing water consumption in the activity, with less
wastewater dumping and waste.
A further point to also consider is the energy-saving actions that are taken. Annually, practically all the industrial centres
fix energy saving targets. Each plant has a multidisciplinary team that defines, implements and monitors the actions
identified as necessary to reach said targets. The following are included among the actions defined for 2020 at some of
the plants:
- Study of the inclusion of new electricity and natural gas measuring points.
- Study of changing LED luminaires at the warehouse at the building in Calle Julián Camarillo.
- Replacement of the economizing boiler water feed pumps at Julián Camarillo.
- Installation of an infrared detector to detect internal leaks.
- Awareness-raising events.
- Installation of an external cooler for lines U200 and U1040 to allow adjustment of water pumping at the Alcalá de
Henares plant.
- Replacement of the general cooler by a higher-performance model at the Alcalá de Henares plant.
12