LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
• Working Day Register Policy: establishes the rules for recording the hours worked, ensure legal compliance,
transparency and the limits on working hours, contributing to the well-being of the employees and avoiding workplace
conflicts. ROVI’s Policy covers different situations in line with the type of work, encompassing all the Company’s national
work centres, and was approved by the Group’s Human Resources Manager.
• Policy on Use of ICT Resources: defines the rules and procedures that must be followed in the use of the information
technology and communication resources provided by ROVI. It also sets out the personal data protection functions and
obligations that must be fulfilled by anyone who accesses and processes such data under ROVI’s responsibility. This
policy was signed by the Company chairman and applies to all Group companies.
Additionally, ROVI reaffirms its commitment to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, encouraging its employees to
integrate its principles into their day-to-day activity. Likewise, the Group promotes the adoption and implementation of the United
Nations Global Compact, of which it is a member, as well as other international instruments, such as the provisions of the
Fundamental Conventions of the International Labour Organisation. These commitments encompass respect for freedom of
association, the right to collective bargaining, the elimination of forced labour and child labour, equal opportunities, non-
discrimination and the creation of a fair, violence-free work environment that complies with current legislation.
In line with its commitment to equality, ROVI addresses the elimination of discrimination through the Equality Plan and the
Harassment Protocol, in addition to ensuring that all the policies are made known to new employees when they join the Group.
Furthermore, periodic training is provided on preventing the harassment of workers. At present, a Protocol against harassment
of the LGBTI community is under preparation and is pending revision and agreement with the Works Council.
ROVI also demonstrates its commitment to the workplace inclusion of people with disabilities through measures set out in its
Corporate Social Responsibility Manual. These actions include raising awareness among employees to combat the
discrimination and barriers that people with disabilities face. In this respect, the Group organises corporate volunteering
activities in collaboration with non-profit entities, providing employees with a direct perspective on the daily challenges that these
people encounter.
In the employment area, ROVI promotes hiring people with disabilities to reduce the risk of social and financial exclusion. To this
end, it establishes agreements and support programmes aimed at the inclusion of people with intellectual disabilities in the
workplace. Furthermore, it strives to ensure full integration, eliminating physical barriers at the workstations and facilitating
access and the usability of the tools and products needed for the jobs. Likewise, ROVI constantly strives to make its work
centres accessible to everyone, ensuring safety, comfort and autonomy. To this end, all new plans for building and renovation
works include this idea, paying special attention to adapting spaces and tools to the specific needs of each employee. However,
to date, ROVI has not made any policy commitments in relation to workers belonging to groups at special risk of vulnerability.
Lastly, in order to ensure proper application of discrimination-related policies, ROVI has the Code of Ethics mentioned
previously, which sets out the principles for preventing and mitigating discrimination in the Group and promoting diversity and
inclusion.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-2: Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’
representatives about impacts.
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the processes that ROVI has in place to engage
with its own workforce.
In this context, ROVI establishes a relationship with the representatives of its workers through social dialogue, based on
transparency, legal compliance and permanent respect. This engagement process allows the Company to understand the
workers’ perspectives and take them into account in its decision-making process, even though the Group does not evaluate the
efficacy of this engagement.
Smooth communication is maintained through, among other means, regular meetings for negotiation, information and
consultation, allowing agreements to be monitored and incidents to be solved efficiently. The final goal of this communication is
for incidents to be solved through negotiation and agreement, only taking matters to court as a last resort.
104