LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Environmental information
1. European Union Taxonomy
a. Background
In its package of initiatives of 11 December 2019 known as the European Green Deal, the European Commission adopted an
ambitious set of general measures to help improve the flow of money towards sustainable activities throughout the European
Union. Since they allow investments to be redirected towards more sustainable technologies and companies, these measures
will help Europe achieve climate neutrality by 2050.
One of these measures is the Taxonomy Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2020/852, which was followed by two delegated
regulations to supplement it. First, Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021, which established a list of economic
activities that qualify as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaption while causing no
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. Second, Delegated Regulation 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021
described the key indicators to be disclosed by companies subject to the obligation to publish Non-Financial Statements under
articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34. As a result of the foregoing, a classification system for sustainable economic activities
was established, defining what is and what is not sustainable on the basis of objective criteria. Thus, a common language was
constructed for investors and companies in order to, first, direct investments towards more sustainable technologies and
companies with a substantial positive impact on the climate and the environment and, second, promote compliance with the
EU’s climate objectives, the Paris Agreement and the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations.
In 2023, various changes were made to the EU taxonomy regulatory framework. First, on 27 June, Delegated Regulation (EU)
2023/2485 was approved, which established additional technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which
certain economic activities qualify as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation.
Additionally, on 27 June 2023, Delegated Regulation 2023/2486 was published, which established the technical screening
criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to the sustainable
use and protection of water and marine resources, to the transition to a circular economy, to pollution prevention and control, or
to the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.
In short, the EU taxonomy establishes a series of harmonised criteria to determine whether an activity is sustainable, taking
account of existing market practices and advice from a group of technical experts, thus laying the foundations for a series of
standards and labels for sustainable financial products.
To boost compliance To serve as a nexus
To furnish investors,
with the Paris between the
lenders, regulators and
Agreement and the environmental
companies with a
Sustainable performance and the
common language
Development Goals economic performance
To save time and Why is a
To prevent
money for investors and Taxonomy
greenwashing
lenders necessary?
To support the EU’s
To reward the most To reduce reputational
environmental
sustainable companies risk
objectives
The Taxonomy establishes two screening criteria:
• Eligible activities: an economic activity carried on by a company is eligible when it meets the description of one of the
activities listed in the annexes of Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 or one of the activities listed in the
47