Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
ROVI is committed to investing in its business in order to increase its production capacities and thus address the current
imbalance between supply and demand, reinforce the company’s internationalisation through Risperidone ISM® – its first
proprietary innovative product based on ISM® technology –, and strengthen its product portfolio with new proprietary
drugs based on ISM® technology, such as Letrozole SIE and three-monthly risperidone. As a result of these investments,
ROVI expects to multiply its operating growth by between 1.5 and 1.8 by the year 2030, driven primarily by its contract
manufacturing business (CDMO), which is forecast to double its sales to close to 700 million euros.
Thus, ROVI becomes one of the world leaders with the largest capacities in the manufacture of high-value-added
injectables (prefilled syringes, vials and cartridges).In terms of EBITDA excluding research and development expenses,
ROVI forecasts that the 2024 figure will be multiplied by between 2.5 and 2.8, representing a bracket of from 583 million
euros to 653 million euros, in 2030. This result reflects a sounder financial performance and an improvement in operating
margins in the next six years.
These prospects fall within the framework of the potential growth in the CDMO market, which is favoured by the current
imbalance between supply and demand in the pharmaceutical market, added to the increase in innovative products and
biosimilars, which are leading the expansion of the injectables sector. At world level, injectables account for over 70% of
all drugs, since they represent the fastest route of drug administration.
In this context, the CDMO market was estimated at around 185,0002 million dollars in 2024, reflecting an increasing trend
towards outsourcing the services of the fill and finish of injectables, as pharmaceutical companies seek to optimise their
resources and focus on their core competencies.
In this environment, ROVI is positioned as a key player, taking advantage of its experience and fill and finish capacities to
capitalise on the growth of this market. Over recent years, ROVI has invested in the vertical integration of its entire value
chain, from production of the active ingredient to the fill and finish of the medicine.
With its recent investments and the expansions currently in progress, ROVI expects to substantially increase its high-
value-added injectables capacity to ranges of between 625 million and 810 million prefilled syringes, between 140 million
and 180 million vials and between 85 million and 110 million cartridges by the end of 2026. With this capacity, the
company forecasts that its CDMO business sales will double by 2030, reaching around 700 million euros, with an
estimated capacity utilisation ratio of between 70% and 75%.
Regarding the specialty pharmaceutical business, the Company expects annual growth of a low-single-digit percentage
between 2024 and 2030. The main growth driver in this business is Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®), the first product based
on ISM® technology, which has been being marketed in Europe since 2022 and has also received marketing
authorisation for Canada, Taiwan and Australia. This product is a long-acting injectable used to treat adult schizophrenia
patients. According to the World Health Organisation, schizophrenia is a disease that affects 24 million people worldwide
and long-acting injectables have become the benchmark for its treatment, since not only do they reduce the frequency
with which the medication needs to be administered, but also favour treatment adherence.
ROVI expects that, given its differential characteristics, Risperidone ISM® will reach potential sales of between 100 and
200 million euros globally over the next few years and will become a significant player worldwide in the field of long-
acting injectables to treat schizophrenia.
b) First six months of 2024
ROVI provides information and guidance on its strategic plan for expansion and growth
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 2290 dated 24th of June 2024) that the Company
expects that, given its differential characteristics, Risperidone ISM® will reach potential sales of between 200 and 300
million euros globally in upcoming years and will become a significant player worldwide in the field of long-acting
injectables to treat schizophrenia.
ROVI has likewise informed that in June 2024, the Group obtained the European authorities’ approval for the
commencement of commercial activity at its new sodium heparin plant in Escúzar (Granada). Thus, ROVI is positioned
as one of the largest pharmaceutical industrial groups in Spain, with eight fully-integrated plants and a ninth under
construction.
2 Precedence Research
34