Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
b) Standards, interpretations and amendments that have not yet come into force but which are available for early
adoption for annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2017.
At the signature date of these Consolidated Annual Accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the following standards, amendments and interpretations application of which is mandatory from 2018
onwards. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group, although they have not been adopted
early:
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. It addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets
and liabilities. IFRS 9 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January, 2018. The Group has not
elected the early adoption permitted by the Standard. Application of this new standard is not expected to have a
significant impact on the Group’s Annual Accounts.
• IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. In May 2014, the IASB and the FASB jointly issued a
converged Standard on recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. IFRS 15 is effective for annual
periods beginning on or after 1 January, 2018. According to this Standard, revenue is recognized when the
customer obtains control of the good or service sold, i.e. when the customer is able to both direct the use of and
obtain the benefits from the good or service. This IFRS includes new guidance to determine whether revenue
should be recognized over time or at a specific point in time. Considering the contents of the Standard, the
Group has made a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the possible impacts derived from its entry into
force. From among the different categories defined in the Application Guidance (Appendix B) of the Standard,
ROVI considers that the category related to the granting of usage-based licences could be applicable to the
Group, since ROVI grants licences to other for the distribution of its own products. In these contracts, the
obligations arising from the granting of these usage-based licences are always linked to the obligation of supply
the product, which extends over the whole time the cotnract is in force. Since it is impossible to separate these
obligations, the revenue originating from the granting of distribution licences is deferred over the cotnract term.
This deferral, which is already being recognized in ROVI (Note 2.20.e), is in line with the content of IFRS 15 for
this type of revenue and, therefore, the entry into force of this IFRS will not have any impact for ROVI. The
impact would, in any case, take place upon signature of new distribution licence contracts with different features
to those currently in force.
• IFRS 16 “Leases”. According to this Standard, which replaces IAS 17 “Leases”, when accounting for leases, it
will be necessary, as a general rule, to recognize leases in the statement of financial position and measure
lease liabilities. This Standard will be applicable to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January, 2019.
Application of this standard is expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s Annual Accounts, since the
different lease agreements currently held by ROVI will have to be recognized.
• Annual Improvements to IFRS 2014–2016 Cycle. The amendments affect IFRS 1, IFRS 12 and IAS 28. The
main amendments that may apply to the Group refer to:
o IFRS 12, "Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities". Clarification of the scope of the Standard.
o IAS 28, “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”. Measurement of an investment in an associate
or joint venture at fair value.
9