Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Moreover, with the frequency stipulated in the legislation applicable to the products, all Group companies, both in Spain
and in the countries to which our products are exported, are inspected by both the Spanish health authorities and those of
the countries to which the products are exported. The exceptional situation created by the pandemic has forced the
adoption of new formulas for conducting both the internal and external audits, as well as the inspections by the health
authorities, in 2020. In many cases remote audits (held by teleconferencing) were chosen, restricting in-person presence
at ROVI’s work centres to the indispensable minimum, meeting the highest guarantees of safety and protection against
contagion with COVID-19.
ROVI likewise has a Pharmacovigilance System in place, which allows any possible adverse reactions (any harmful and
unintended response to a medicine) that arise to ROVI’s medicines and healthcare products to be detected. This system
means that, if an adverse reaction is notified, the Pharmacovigilance Department analyses whether it could be due to a
quality and/or safety problem, thus initiating the process of sign detection that ROVI has implemented, which allows any
change in the benefit/risk balance of ROVI’s medicines to be detected.
The Pharmacovigilance System allows constant monitoring of the safety of the medicines, evaluating the safety information
received through different channels, such as, for example, spontaneous notifications from patients and health
professionals, health authorities, or scientific studies or publications.
ROVI’s Pharmacovigilance Department has a communication channel in place by e-mail (farmacovigilancia@rovi.es) or
telephone [(+34) 91 021 30 00], both of which may be accessed through ROVI’s website (www.rovi.es).
Complaints system: complaints received and solution thereto
When any customer or health professional contacts ROVI to notify a claim or complaint, the Group immediately opens an
enquiry in order to identify the cause and prevent any repetition. These enquiries may involve several departments and
may also include suppliers and/or subcontractors. The efficacy of these actions is analysed annually in the review that
ROVI management conducts of the system.
Any request for information made by a customer/health professional and/or customer is considered a query. Depending
on its content, it is handled by one department or another (Quality, Pharmacovigilance or Medical Science Liaison), both
in Spain and in the subsidiaries.
In the event that, while a complaint is being studied, a possible risk for the patient and/or health professional is observed,
the Quality Department informs Pharmacovigilance, so that the case can be handled correctly (see previous section).
48