LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
to implement it at the San Sebastián de los Reyes and Julián Camarillo complexes to come into operation in 2025. The
investment made in 2024 totalled €1,650,000.
Furthermore, the Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) was extended to the Escúzar complex. This is a system
for recording information on electronic analyses that facilitates the management of analysis samples and results at all the
laboratories, reducing the dependence on paper even further. The scope of the LIMS was expanded at the rest of the
complexes. The investment made in 2024 totalled €200,000. In 2025, the electronic notebook function will be incorporated at
the Julián Camarillo complex.
Additionally, the integration of Industry 4.0 was another important point for ROVI, involving the capture of signals from
different systems and equipment by work centre, including particle monitoring. All these data form part of the batch record59
and can be used to prevent failures in equipment such as engines or valves through statistical analysis or artificial intelligence.
However, no specific plan is yet in place to make use of these capabilities, which means there is room for future progress in
predictive maintenance and operating efficiency.
Moreover, ROVI has digitalised a number of processes through tools like Workday or Campus ROVI, which incorporate the
employee performance and training processes, respectively. The expense associated to Campus ROVI in 2024 totalled
€12,500.
In the artificial intelligence area, attention should be drawn to the fact that ROVI has been exploring the application of non-
generative AI for several years, particularly in relation to cybersecurity.
Hospitals and Institutional Relations area
In the AI area, ROVI has also developed a Digital Health project, through which it is undertaking initiatives to address this
novel field into which the pharmaceutical industry is expanding. The Group is taking very specific actions that will lead to
further development in this area.
The first initiative focuses on the agreement60 with Cells IA, a start-up that has defined is value proposal in the pathological
anatomy area, specialising in diagnostics with artificial intelligence algorithms. This discipline is undergoing a revolution that
entails the digitalisation of these samples, which are scanned and converted into digital files. This digitalisation process brings
a number of advantages, such as easy storage, task assignation and sharing cases among professionals. In this context, Cells
IA develops algorithms that analyse the sample and deliver a diagnosis, which the anatomical pathologist must then review
and validate. These algorithms improve the efficiency of the workflow, decreasing the decision-making time, while efficacy
increases due to greater accuracy. At present, ROVI has a team of 15 developers working on this project.
Additionally, in 2024, ROVI included non-standard third-party products in its marketing line, consisting of software programmes
that, with the help of artificial intelligence, are able to detect, in only a few minutes, the location and severity of cardiac arterial
stenosis, as well as characterising the plaque or carrying out virtual planning of the repair of the artery with stents, based on a
CT image or angiogram. The Group distributes these software packages in Spain and Portugal. The expense incurred in 2024
totalled €88,410.60.
Furthermore, although ROVI does not currently have a formal AI strategy, ROVI has an IT Policy that governs the use of ICT
resources and the use of sensitive information. This policy may require reviews to include references to AI, reflecting the
technological panorama that is evolving. Likewise, in 2024, the Group obtained the ISO 27001 certification, that endorses the
implementation, maintenance and continuous improvement of ROVI’s Information Security Management System.
Transformation, Efficiency and Improvement area
The main objective sought by this area is to innovate and provide solutions based on emerging technologies in the areas of
digital identity, change management, cybersecurity, AI, compliance, CSR and Industry 5.0 through the design of digital
solutions that place people at the centre of technological development. In this context, technology is not seen as an end in
59 Batch record refers to the document or system that records the entire manufacturing process of a batch, ensuring traceability and quality.
60 ROVI has acquired a 26% interest in Cells IA.
138