Free translation of the 2018 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2018 Consolidated Management Report
5.2 Financial risks
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of the Group are
detailed below:
- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: is very low as virtually all assets and liabilities of the Group are in euros, with no
subsidiary out of the Euro zone. Additionally the majority of the foreign transactions are carried out in euros.
b) Price risk: the Group is exposed to price risk by its short-term and long-term financial investments. To manage
the price risk arising from the investments, the Group diversifies its portfolio.
c) Interest rate risk: The Group is subject to an interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on long-term borrowing
transactions at variable rates. The risk, however, is slight since most of the Group’s debt consists of refundable
advances from official organisations on which there is no interest rate risk.
d) Raw material price risk: the Group is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied.
- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed by groups. The credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, long-term financial investments,
deposits held at call in banks and financial institutions and other receivables available for sale, as well as from
wholesalers and retailers, including accounts receivables and committed transactions. The Group monitors the solvency
of these assets by reviewing external credit ratings and qualifying internally assets which are not externally rated.
It should be mentioned here that despite this management work, the Regional Government continue to be extremely
slow in making payments for pharmaceutical supplies, to the detriment of companies operating in this sector. Despite
this, the Group’s financial position is sound and its liquidity unaffected.
- Liquidity risk
Management monitors the liquidity estimates of the Group according to the expected cash flows; therefore, the Group
always has sufficient cash and trade securities to confront its liquidity requirements.
6.- CORPORATE GOVERNMENT ANNUAL REPORT
Appendix 3 includes the Corporate Government Annual Report prepared by the Company for 2018.
13