Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
When treasury shares are purchased, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental cost is
deducted from the equity until the shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or
reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs, is included in equity.
3.8 Financial liabilities
a) Debits and payables
This category includes trade and non-trade debits. These debits are classified as current liabilities unless the Company
has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date.
These debts are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs directly incurred, and are subsequently stated at
amortised cost applying the effective interest rate method. This effective interest is the discount rate that makes the
carrying amount of the instrument equal to the expected flow of future payments forecast until maturity of the liability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, trade debits maturing at no more than one year that do not have a contractual interest
rate are measured, both initially and subsequently, at their face value when the effect of not discounting the cash flows is
not significant.
b) Financial liabilities held for trading and other financial liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities held at fair value through profit and loss are those held for trading that are issued with the intention of
reacquiring them in the short term or those that form part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments managed overall
to obtain short-term gains, together with financial liabilities that the Company designates to be included in this category
upon initial recognition because this provides more relevant information.
These financial liabilities are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value, recognising
any changes in profit and loss for the period.
Transaction costs directly allocable to issuance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
3.9 Grants received
Reimbursable grants are recognised as liabilities until they meet the conditions not to be considered non-reimbursable,
while non-reimbursable grants are recognised as income directly in the equity on a systematic and rational basis in
correlation with the expenses derived from the grant.
In this respect, a grant is considered non-reimbursable when there is an individual decision to award the grant, all the
conditions fixed for awarding it have been met and there is no reasonable doubt that it will be received.
Monetary grants are recognised at the fair value of the amount awarded and non-monetary grants at the fair value of the
item received. In both cases, the values refer to the time of recognition.
14