LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
3. ESRS S4. Consumers and end-users
The objective of this chapter is to specify how ROVI impacts the consumers and end-users of its products, including both
positive and negative, actual or potential impacts. Likewise, this chapter aims to explain the risks and opportunities derived from
the material impacts.
Additionally, it describes the actions taken, and the result of such actions, to prevent, mitigate or remediate negative impacts
and the Group’s approach when addressing topics such as information, personal safety and the social inclusion of users and/or
end-users.
a. Strategy
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of how the interests, views and rights of ROVI’s
consumers and end-users inform its strategy and business model.
ROVI’s strategy and business model integrate the views, opinions and rights of the consumers and end-users from different
perspectives. Group strategy is based on placing “safe, high-quality products that guarantee patient safety on the market”. In
this respect, the guarantee of product quality and safety is considered an essential pillar of ROVI’s business model,
encompassing not only the stages before the products are placed on the market, but also the period after they have been used
by consumers and end-users.
This commitment materialises in the Quality Manual, which includes all the phases of the life cycle of the Group’s products, and
in the Quality Policy, where quality is defined as an essential aspect of the Company’s activity, highlighting the consumers and
end-users as its main priority. ROVI also has a Quality System that provides the Group with the resources necessary for it to
work correctly, in order to satisfy the expectations placed on the development of its products at all times, while meeting legal,
standard-setting and regulatory requirements.
Likewise, ROVI maintains active and efficient communication with healthcare professionals and patients, which is essential in
order to achieve the highest levels of transparency and integrity in all its interactions. The Group, through its Pharmacovigilance
procedures, identifies, assesses and prevents the risks associated to the use of the medicines after they have been marketed,
in order to ensure end-user safety. Additionally, any safety information related to its products is taken into consideration in order
to make any changes that may be necessary to its activity.
ROVI’s commitment to the protection of the health and safety of the consumers and end-users of its products is also the basis
for the professional development of Group employees, who receive continuous training in this respect. This commitment is
likewise reflected in the internal and external audits that are conducted of these aspects, which may entail adjustments to the
Company’s activities.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that ROVI, in addition to considering the consumers and end-users of its products, also
deems certain customers to be a stakeholder group of fundamental importance to the Company, since they make the end-users’
access to ROVI’s products possible. These include large pharmaceutical laboratories with which ROVI has strategic
partnerships through contract manufacturing agreements and wholesale distributors of the products.
◦ Disclosure Agreement related to 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities
and their interaction with strategy and business model
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the material impacts, risks and opportunities
derived from the Group’s double materiality assessment in relation to its consumers and end-users.
ROVI conducted a double materiality assessment in which its context was analysed, examining its strategy and business model
to detect the aspects that could affect its relationship with these stakeholder groups. As a result of the assessment, the following
material impacts, risks and opportunities were identified in relation to consumers and end-users:
126