Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
The remuneration of the executive directors related to their management functions is included under the “Key
management” caption. At 30 June 2024, the Management Committee was formed by 13 members (12 members at 30
June 2023).
At 30 June 2024, ROVI had a Long-Term Incentive Plan for the executive directors for the years 2022 to 2024. The
purpose of this plan is to reward the long-term creation of value for the Group in the interests of the shareholders.
Amounts accrued under this Plan are recognised under the “Employee benefit expenses” caption in the income
statement and included in the above “Key management and director compensation” table. At 30 June 2024, the amount
yet to be paid under the Incentive Plan, which was included in “Trade and other payables”, was 1,072 thousand euros
(626 thousand euros at 30 June 2023).
On 24 June 2024, the General Shareholders’ Meeting approved a new Long-Term Incentive Plan for the years 2025 to
2027, through which shares in the Company will be awarded to the executive directors as a reward for creating value for
the Group. It is a long-term incentive that consists of the possibility of the beneficiaries receiving compensation payable
in cash and/or ROVI shares.
26. Seasonality
The Group’s activities have been subject to a certain degree of seasonality in the 2024 reporting period and the figures
for the six-month period cannot be extrapolated to the annual period. ROVI is assuming a new post-pandemic scenario in
which COVID-19 is likely to be a seasonal disease and the vaccine will probably be administered once a year. Therefore,
it is expected that the Group's activity will be greater during the second half of the year.
27. Other significant information
a) First six months of 2024
ROVI provides information and guidance on its strategic plan for expansion and growth
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 2290 dated 24th of June 2024) that the Company
expects that, given its differential characteristics, Risperidone ISM® will reach potential sales of between 200 and 300
million euros globally in upcoming years and will become a significant player worldwide in the field of long-acting
injectables to treat schizophrenia.
ROVI has likewise informed that in June 2024, the Group obtained the European authorities’ approval for the
commencement of commercial activity at its new sodium heparin plant in Escúzar (Granada). Thus, ROVI is positioned
as one of the largest pharmaceutical industrial groups in Spain, with eight fully-integrated plants and a ninth under
construction.
The Group has five plants to manufacture its own products and three for contract manufacturing. In Andalusia, it has
three plants for its own manufacturing: two engaged in producing the active substance of low-molecular-weight heparins,
in Granada and Escúzar, and the new plant that will be producing sodium heparin. ROVI is, therefore, prepared for
production of a medicine like sodium heparin, which is classified as essential by the World Health Organisation and is,
moreover, among the medicines included in the European Union’s Critical Medicine Alliance, in which ROVI participates.
Additionally, ROVI has two plants in Madrid engaged in the production of medicines based on its ISM® technology, in
which 35.6 million euros has been invested in the last five years: at the first plant, the Company produces Risperidone
ISM®, while the second is used to manufacture products under development that use highly potent active ingredients.
Furthermore, ROVI has three plants engaged in contract manufacturing: in particular, two injectables manufacturing
plants, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and Madrid, and a third in Alcalá de Henares, which is engaged in
producing solid oral forms and is a packaging centre of excellence.
Likewise, ROVI remains committed to the vertical integration of its value chain in order to achieve strategic autonomy in
its medicine manufacturing process. In this respect, ROVI is making significant investments in the construction of a new
plant in Huesca, which will transform pig mucosa into crude heparin and is considered likely to come into operation in
2026.
31