LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
In this respect, the Group ensures that all its studies using animals are approved by an external Animal Experimentation Ethics
Committee, thus guaranteeing animal welfare and minimising stress and suffering. Furthermore, ROVI has voluntarily adhered
to the Spanish Agency for Medicines and Medical Devices’ (AEMPS) Programme for Compliance with Good Laboratory Practice
and, since 2021, has held the certificate for compliance with this Programme, subsequent to inspection and verification by the
competent authorities.
Likewise, to apply its Animal Testing Policy correctly, ROVI has a Quality Manual that defines the procedures necessary to
ensure compliance with these practices.
The Policy on the Internal Information System and Whistleblower Protection sets out the mechanisms that govern ROVI’s ethics
channel, including the principles for taking action, the responsibilities and the rights and duties of the whistleblower. This policy
guarantees the principle of non-retaliation or threat of retaliation derived from a report submitted in good faith and, therefore,
ROVI considers any retaliation to be a serious violation of the Group’s principles and values and its Code of Ethics.
In this respect, to ensure the proper operation of the Code of Ethics, ROVI has a communication tool managed by an external
manager, the Ethics Channel, which guarantees the confidentiality of all communications, enabling both internal and external
reports to be made either anonymously or with identification of the sender. All reports reach the external manager, meaning that
the Company never knows the whistleblower’s identity, except if the whistleblower him or herself so requests. The external
manager makes a preliminary examination of the report and forwards it to the Group’s Ethics Channel Committee, which
investigates the report in order to reach a conclusion on the report, adopt a decision and notify the decision to the parties
involved. This Committee is composed of ROVI’s Internal Audit Manager, the Head of Compliance and the Human Resources
Manager.
Additionally, every four months, a summary of the reports submitted through the Ethics Channel, their current status and the
decisions adopted is sent to the Audit Committee, guaranteeing the confidentiality of the parties. Furthermore, a summary report
is submitted to the Board of Directors annually. In 2023, ROVI launched a communication campaign to inform employees of the
changes made to the Ethics Channel to adapt it to the provisions of Law 2/2023 of 20 February, regulating the protection of
persons who report regulatory violations and the fight against corruption. This campaign took place by email, leaflets and
information broadcast on the screens at the work centres. In 2024, this information continued in leaflets and on the screens at
the centres and, additionally, online training on the Channel was launched. Likewise, in the onboarding pack for people joining
the Company, ROVI also provides the Code of Ethics and specific information on the Ethics Channel. This ensures that all
employees acquire proper knowledge and the necessary skills in relation to business conduct.
It should be noted hat ROVI has Internal Regulations on the Ethics Channel, which set out how investigations are conducted
and, in general, the entire process for handling the reports received.
Lastly, specific anti-corruption training is provided annually to the groups identified as having the highest risk exposure, in
particular, the Sales Network, the Management Committee, the Industrial Committee and the key positions that report to them.
◦ Disclosure Requirement G1-2: Management of relationships with suppliers
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of ROVI’s management of its relationships with its
suppliers and its impacts on the supply chain.
ROVI recognises the key role of its suppliers in its activity and, therefore, undertakes to establish relationships with them based
on solvency, commitment and alignment with the Company’s principles and values. These contractual relationships are based
on financial requirements, as well as environmental, social and governance criteria, which are set out in ROVI’s corporate
policies. In this respect, the Group has a mandatory Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which establishes the principles to be followed
in accordance with ROVI’s commitment to human rights protection.
In this connection, ROVI has a Supplier Evaluation and Approval Procedure, which sets out the criteria that must be applied
when selecting the suppliers with whom the Group is going to work, including an initial evaluation of the supplier and further
periodic evaluations, in addition to checking the relevant certifications of the suppliers and the raw materials.
144