LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
◦ Disclosure Requirement E5-1: Policies related to resource use and circular economy
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the Group’s policies related to resource use and
circular economy.
ROVI currently has two corporate policies that consider resource use and circular economy. First, the Environmental and Social
Sustainability Policy addresses efficient resource management in general terms. Second, the Environmental Management
Policy includes an analysis of the raw materials used in the Group’s processes with the objective of seeking sustainable
alternatives. Both policies have been signed by the company chairman and encompass all Group companies.
Likewise, the principles for action that these policies establish are directly linked to the material topics derived from the double
materiality assessment: resource inflows, resource outflows and waste.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E5-2: Actions and resources related to resource use and
circular economy
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the actions taken or planned by ROVI to manage
resource use and circular economy.
ROVI is aware of the key role played by raw materials in its value chain. Mention should be made of the fact that, although ROVI
does not currently have formally established criteria on sustainable purchasing, the Group has processes that ensure correct
purchasing management and control. These processes are essential to the Company’s activities, starting with supplier selection
and the reception and use of raw materials36 and ending when the waste generated leaves ROVI’s facilities.
In this respect, in 2022, the Group incorporated the company Glicopepton Biotech, S.L., a joint venture aimed to achieve greater
vertical integration in the supply of heparins. The objectives of this project focus on transforming the current livestock production
process into a high-value-added biotechnological process based on a circular economy model. With this initiative, it is hoped to
reduce dependence on the suppliers of one of the main raw materials used, pig mucosa for heparin production, decrease raw
material prices and, furthermore, improve product traceability.
Additionally, different alternatives are being studied to replace the type of materials used in the product packaging process.
ROVI currently has four production lines that have replaced plastic packaging by cardboard packaging for one of its customers.
Likewise, studies are being conducted to assess the viability of using blister packaging manufactured with recycled and
recyclable plastic for certain products.
Furthermore, ROVI recognises that waste generation is an inherent consequence of the medicine manufacturing process and
therefore, in addition to striving to manage it appropriately, also implements various processes intended to minimise waste
generation during the production processes and recover the waste generated.
In this respect, in 2024, 100% of the waste from rejected medicines (hazardous waste) from the industrial complexes was
recovered and 12.05% of the non-hazardous waste generated, including paper, cardboard and the plastic trays and racks for
syringes and vials, practically all the rest being treated in recovery processes.
Regarding the waste management system of the Group’s own operations, ROVI is focusing its efforts on reducing and, finally,
eliminating all waste destruction treatments, replacing them by recovery processes. Furthermore, it is considering taking this
waste to treatment centres closer to the facilities where they are generated. In this context, in 2024, the Group updated its waste
management programme in order to identify the treatments applied more efficiently. The OpEx associated to this update was
€17,899.20.
In 2024, ROVI also worked on minimising waste generation at its industrial production complexes through annual initiatives:
36 The main raw materials used come from active ingredients, excipients and solvents for manufacturing.
89