Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
Major repair costs are capitalized and are depreciated over their useful lives, while recurring maintenance expenses are
recognized in profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred.
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment, except for land, which is not depreciated, is calculated systematically
using the straight-line method in accordance with the estimated useful lives, taking into account the actual impairment
suffered as a result of the use and enjoyment of the items. The estimated useful lives are:
Buildings - 40 years
Technical facilities and machinery – between 4 and 14 years
Other facilities, fittings and equipment and furniture – between 5 and 10 years
Other property, plant and equipment– between 4 and 5 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed and, if appropriate, adjusted at each reporting date.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount and are recognized in profit
and loss.
3.3 Impairment losses on non-financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization/depreciation and are tested annually for
impairment. Assets subject to amortization/depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the
amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of
an asset’s fair value less costs to sell or its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets
other than goodwill that have suffered impairment are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to see whether the
impairment has been reversed.
3.4 Financial assets
(a) Classification of financial assets
The Company classifies its financial assets into the following categories:
a) Loans and receivables: Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable
payments that are not listed on an active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities at
more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and other
receivables are included in “Credits to companies” and “Trade and other receivables” in the statement of financial
position.
Bank deposits maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category.
13