Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
2.13. Share capital
The subscribed share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, face value reductions or the write-off of existing shares
are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
Where any Group company purchases shares in the Company (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any
directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s
shareholders until the shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued,
any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax
effect, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders.
2.14. Government grants
Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will
be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Grants relating to reimbursable advances are
recognized when these advances are granted to the Group.
Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in profit and loss over the period necessary to match
them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.
Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as
deferred government grants and are credited to profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the
related assets.
Reimbursable advances at zero interest rate or those with a subsidized interest rate are recognized at fair value at the
time they are received, subsequently being recognized at amortized cost. The difference between the fair value and the
face value is registered as “Recognition of government grants on non-financial assets and others” if the loans are
financing incurred expenses, or are included in non-current liabilities as deferred government grants, and credited to the
income statement on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the assets which have been funded with said loans.
2.15. Trade payables
Trade payables are payment obligations for goods or services acquired from suppliers in the ordinary course of business.
The payables are classified as current liabilities if they mature at one year or less (or if they mature within a normal
operating cycle, if longer). Otherwise, they are shown as non-current liabilities.
Trade payables are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
interest rate method.
18