Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
(ii) Price risk
The Group was exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and classified as equity
securities in the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk arising from investments in equity
securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in accordance with the limits set by the Group. The Group
does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
At 31 December 2024 and 2023, a change in the listed price of equity securities would have had no significant effect on the
Group’s statement of financial position.
(iii) Cash-flow interest-rate risk
The Group is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial debt with banks obtained at variable
rates. Group policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt with government entities by obtaining
reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the case of bank debt, to obtain cash flows not only at
variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the impact of interest-rate risk to a minimum.
Had interest rates on financial debt at variable rates been 1% higher or lower at 31 December 2024, with all other variables
remaining constant, the gain/loss after taxes for the period would have decreased or increased by 108 thousand euros,
respectively, owing to the difference in interest expense on loans at variable rates (39 thousand euros at 31 December 2023).
b) Credit risk
Credit risk is managed in groups. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and financial
institutions, receivables classified as equity securities and trade receivables.
To assess the credit risk on receivables, the Group periodically evaluates its customer portfolio considering two blocks:
government and non-government. Government customers are defined as all those that are government entities for which, given
their nature, a low credit risk is considered to exist. Most of these customers are in the healthcare sector and are hospitals and
medical clinics whose transactions are regulated by law. With regard to non-government customers, the Group includes in this
category all private customers, such as wholesalers, manufacturing customers and other pharmaceutical companies, and
assesses them on the basis of the age of their debt, their financial position and their credit rating (if available).
The contracts the Group signs with its customers have an average term of between 3 and 5 years, which allows a considerable
stable flow of revenue to be generated. Likewise, due to the credit quality of the private customers, as well as the Group’s
internal systems and the collection periods established, there was no significant impact on the Group in either 2024 or 2023.
The banks and financial institutions with which the Group works generally have independent ratings. If customers have been
independently rated, such ratings are used. If this is not the case, then the Group assesses the risk on the basis of the
customer’s financial position, historical experience and a series of other factors. In those cases in which there is no doubt as to
the customer’s financial solvency, the Group elects not to set credit limits.
A 31 December 2024, the greatest investment in financial assets, including cash and cash equivalents and apart from trade
receivables, was related to Bankinter, 13,631 thousand euros (16,381 thousand euros with BBVA at 31 December 2023). A
significant portion of trade and other receivables related to accounts receivable from government entities, on which, in view of
their nature, Management considers there to be no credit risk (Note 13).
c) Liquidity risk
Management periodically monitors the liquidity estimates of the Group in accordance with the expected cash flows. The Group
maintains sufficient cash and marketable securities to meet its liquidity requirements.
The following table analyses the Group’s financial liabilities grouped by maturity dates based on the periods outstanding at the
end of the reporting period through to the maturity date stipulated in the contract, including the corresponding interest. The
amounts shown in the table relate to cash flows stipulated in the contract, which have not been discounted. Given that these
amounts have not been discounted and that they include future interest accruals, they cannot be matched with figures on the
statement of financial position for financial debt and trade and other payables.
22