Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
a) Alentia Biotech, S.L.
In 2010, the company Alentia Biotech, S.L. (Alentia) was created, 100% held by ROVI. In February 2012, the effective
sale of 50% of the shares in Alentia Biotech, S.L. by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. to Grupo Ferrer
Internacional, S.A. took place and Alentia became a joint venture held by these two companies at 50% each. The
carrying amount of this interest at 31 December, 2017 and 2016 was 3 thousand euros.
b) Enervit Nutrition, S.L.
In the first half of 2016, ROVI contributed assets consisting of the distribution rights of the EnerZona rights in Spain and
the know-how related to the promotion, distribution and sale of these products to a newly-created subsidiary (Enervit
Nutrition, S.L.), which was the vehicle responsible for promoting these products. Said company was incorporated in
January 2016 with an initial share capital of 3 thousand euros, 100%-held by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. It
was incorporated with the intention of marketing the EnerZona products, for which ROVI held exclusive marketing rights
in Spain, and exploring and, if applicable, developing, new market possibilities for dietetic and food supplements.
ROVI and Enervit S.p.A. agreed to create a joint venture between them to carry the project out. To do this, under the
agreements described below, ROVI lost control of its subsidiary Enervit Nutrition, S.L, which, instead of being 100%-
owned by ROVI, became a joint venture under joint control with Enervit, S.p.A. The agreements were signed on 16
March, 2016 and under them:
− ROVI contributed its subsidiary Enervit Nutrition, S.L, the EnerZona distribution agreement and the know-how
related to the promotion, distribution and sale of these products (hereinafter, “the assets contributed”). For this
purpose, Enervit Nutrition, S.L. increased its capital by 3,997 thousand euros, subscribed and paid up by ROVI
through the non-monetary contribution of the aforementioned assets. Until that time, ROVI had been the owner
of said assets, which had no carrying amounts in its statement of financial position, since no consideration was
paid for them when they were acquired.
− Enervit Nutrition, S.L. carried out a further capital increase, which was subscribed and paid up by Enervit S.p.A.
by a cash contribution of 1,000 thousand euros. At that time, the interest held by ROVI dropped to 80%.
− ROVI sold Enervit S.p.A. 29% of its shares in Enervit Nutrition, S.L, meaning that Enervit S.p.A. became the
owner of 49% of the shares, while ROVI held 51%. The total selling price agreed was 1,450 thousand euros,
500 euros for each share sold.
− ROVI and Enervit S.p.A. signed a call option that could be exercised in June 2018, whereby ROVI guaranteed a
call option on 1% of the shares in favour of Enervit Nutrition, S.L., for a value of 50 thousand euros.
After the adjustment suggested by the regulator, explained in Note 2.b), the carrying amount of this interest at 31
December, 2017 was 3 thousand euros.
The Company had no commitments or contingent liabilities in relation to its joint ventures..
32