LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
agreement with Cells IA represents an opportunity for ROVI to contribute to improving healthcare by developing IA solutions
and its commitment to research and new technologies.
The contract manufacturing area (CDMO) is one of ROVI’s main growth catalysts. The Group manages the activity of this
division, which is the support for the development and manufacturing of high-value-added products for third parties, through its
subsidiary ROVI Pharma Industrial Services (hereinafter, ROIS). The high capacity of the ROIS facilities allows the Group to
offer a wide range of CDMO services, including compounding, aseptic filling and terminal sterilisation, inspection, installation
of safety devices, labelling, packaging, serialisation and aggregation, for different injectable pharmaceutical forms, such as
prefilled syringes, vials and cartridges, as well as manufacturing and packaging services for solid products. ROIS stands out in
the market because it provides top-level specialisation in highly complex injectable products, such as vaccines, biologics and
biosimilares, as well as excellence and flexibility in technology transfer processes.
ROVI’s strategy with its customers in this division is to reach long-term agreements of between 3 and 10 years, based on
mutual trust and generating visibility in the business through a stable flow of revenue.
In this context, since the first COVID-19 vaccines were launched in December 2020, ROVI, as a manufacturer of the Moderna
vaccine, has been a fundamental pillar when providing a swift, flexible and efficient response to COVID-19 all over the world.
In February 2022, ROVI signed a ten-year agreement with Moderna, becoming the latter’s preferred partner for manufacture
of the active ingredient and the fill-and-finish of mRNA vaccines. This partnership has strengthened ROVI’s strategic position
in the CDMO sector, allowing it not only to produce the COVID-19 and RSV (respiratory syncytial virus) vaccines, but also to
invest in increasing its capacities to produce a higher volume of pharmaceutical units in the future.
In 2023, one of the main milestones achieved in this division was the approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) of ROVI’s injectables plants in Madrid, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcalá de Henares for fill-and-finish of syringes
of Moderna’s COVID-19 mRNA vaccine. This approval has allowed ROVI to produce the COVID-19 vaccines for distribution in
the United States from 2023 onwards.
Additionally, in January 2024, the Granada plant was approved by the FDA for manufacture of the active ingredient of the
Moderna COVID-19 mRNA vaccine.
Over the last five years, ROVI has invested significant capital in this area to construct a global leadership in sterile fill-and-
finish capacity and technological services and be able to produce more pharmaceutical units in the future.
In April 2024, as a result of its proven experience in manufacturing high-value-added injectables and the expansion of its
production capacities, ROVI signed an agreement to contribute to the manufacture of prefilled syringes for a global
pharmaceutical company. This production will be carried out on a latest-generation high-speed filing line with an estimated
annual capacity of 100 million units at the facilities of ROVI’s subsidiary ROIS in Madrid. After the technology transfer and
regulatory approval, commercial production is expected to commence in 2026. As of 2027, which is expected to be the first full
year of recurring production, the ROVI Group’s contract manufacturing division (CDMO) expects to achieve an increase in
revenue of between 20% and 45% compared with 2023 sales. This agreement allows the Group to help meet the growing
demand for a product that requires a high degree of technological capabilities.
ROIS is one of the main companies in the CDMO sector for high-value-added injectables. At the end of 2024, its facilities had
a capacity of between 450 and 500 million prefilled syringes and 120 million vials and it exported to over 45 countries, with
international sales representing over 95% of its revenue.
Within the CDMO business, the following types of product were being manufactured at the end of 2024:
Injectables
There are very few competitors in this market due to the entry barriers, the biological nature of most new drugs and the
aseptic conditions necessary for the filling of prefilled syringes, vials and cartridges in microbiologically-controlled
cleanrooms. At present, ROVI is one of the main prefilled syringe manufacturers in Europe in terms of annual production
volume. The Madrid and San Sebastián de los Reyes centres are specialised in filling and inspecting parenteral solutions in
12