LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
• E4 – Impacts and dependencies on ecosystem services: the Group’s activity does not impact the benefits that
people obtain from ecosystems. Additionally, in terms of resource procurement where the Group has the capacity to
control and act, an exhaustive analysis was conducted of the list of raw materials used. In particular, the origin of two
specific raw materials was examined since they could come from areas of high biological diversity or anthropogenic
plantations. This impact is considered in the sub-topic “Direct impact drivers of biodiversity loss”.
• S1 and S2 – Adequate housing: the Group has no control over the availability of adequate housing, with a suitable
size and design to meet the minimum needs of the low-income families of value chain workers. Regarding its own
workers, ROVI complies with the Workers’ Statute and Royal Decree 231/2020 on the minimum interprofessional wage.
Furthermore, 100% of its employees are covered by the collective labour agreement, which ensures that all of them
have access to adequate housing. Regarding the value chain workers, the Code of Ethics for Suppliers specifies that
the remuneration that the supplier pays to its employees must meet the following minimum requirements: adequate
housing, access to drinking water and access to bathrooms.
• S2 - Water and sanitation: the Group cannot control the availability or sustainable management of water for the value
chain workers.
• S3 – Affected communities: the Group’s activity does not impact communities living adjacent to the Company’s
operations (local communities) or those living at a distance. Neither does it have any impact on indigenous peoples in
its relations across the value chain. The main group on which the Group has an impact is considered to be the
consumers or end-users who acquire its products. To verify the non-applicability of this standard, an exhaustive
analysis was conducted of the list of raw materials used, finding that, although there are two raw materials that may
come from areas of high biological diversity or anthropogenic plantations, there is no direct correlation between the
extraction of these raw materials and negative impacts on communities.
• S4 – Freedom of expression: neither the Group’s activity nor the activities of its partners restrict the freedom or
opinion or expression of the consumers or end-users since the sector is highly regulated.
In this respect, all the topics listed above were discarded and the IRO assessment focused on the rest of the matters
considered in the list of AR 16 (ESRS 1). The process conducted to assess said topics may be consulted under Disclosure
Requirement IRO-1.
Of the total impacts, risks and opportunities assessed associated to the rest of the topics and sub-(sub-)topics established by
the ESRS, the following topics and sub-(sub-)topics were not found to be material for the Group:
Topics:
• E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems: the topic was not considered material, probably because ROVI minimises use of
natural resources from areas of great biodiversity or vulnerable to biodiversity loss. Furthermore, the Group has
effective control mechanisms and systems in place (environmental impact studies, strict compliance with water
discharge regulations through the integrated environmental authorisations and adhesion to Punto SIGRE, among
others).
Sub-(sub-)topics
• E2 - Pollution of living organisms and food resources.
• E2 - Substances of very high concern.
• S1 - Working conditions - Working time.
• S4 - Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users - Privacy.
• G1 - Whistleblower protection.
Additionally, the sub-sub-topic “Discrimination” (S4) was assessed initially, although it was finally decided that neither the
Group’s activity nor the activities of its collaborators can impact the discrimination or non-discrimination against consumers
and end-users because the sector is highly regulated. In this respect, ROVI cannot control the prices of the medicines it
markets, since said control is exercised by the Inter-ministerial Pricing Commission (Ministry of Health) in Spain and, in the
other countries where ROVI’s products are marketed, by the pertinent body in each jurisdiction. Additionally, ROVI, like the
35