LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
In this respect, ROVI examined whether its assets (production plants) and business activities (medicine manufacturing and
business relations) could be exposed to said physical risks. It also analysed ROVI’s five most critical suppliers.
In 2022, the physical hazards to which the production plants of ROVI and its five main critical suppliers might be exposed due to
their geographic location were identified: extreme winds, freeze-thaw cycles, floods due to the overflow of bodies of surface
water, river overflows, coastal floods, forest fires and land movements. A total of seven acute physical risks were assessed.
The climate scenarios considered for the assessment were those proposed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
(IPCC) in its August 2021 report. A scenario with a global temperature increase of 2ºC or less (RCP 2.6) was chosen following
the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD). A scenario in excess of 2ºC was also
included, specifically RCP 8.5, which considers an increase of between 3.2 and 5.5ºC in comparison with pre-industrial levels,
this being the most adverse scenario from a climate standpoint. For both scenarios, the probability of occurrence and potential
impact of each one of the climate-related risks identified were assessed and 2030, 2045 and 207023 were established as time
horizons for their materialisation. The scale used to assess them was as follows:
• High risk = %MVAR24 > 1.0%
• Moderate risk = 0.2% < MVAR < 1.0%
• Low risk = %MVAR < 0.2%
In this respect, none of the risks described above was considered significant for the plants of either ROVI or its five critical
suppliers since all the MVARs were lower than 0.2% in the short, medium and long terms.
In addition, a separate assessment of the risk of equipment failure due to heat extremes was conducted, for which a different
measuring scale was used, based on a threshold heat temperature established at the 99th percentile of the maximum annual
temperature at the specific location of each asset.
The results under an RCP 8.5 scenario show that the percentage failure due to heat extremes increases by an average of
17.89% in 2030 and 52.72% in 2050 for all the assets analysed. Likewise, under an RCP 2.6 scenario, the percentage failure
due to heat extremes increases by an average of 14.01% in 2030 and 25.09% in 2050.
Chronic physical climate risks
In 2023, water stress was identified as the potential chronic climate-related physical hazard that could affect the company’s five
industrial facilities, since all of them are located in Spain, which is considered a country with high water stress. A drought could
lead to a water shortage and possible supply cuts, which would affect the production process at ROVI’s industrial facilities.
The climate scenarios assessed were the same as those used for acute physical risks: scenarios RCP 2.6 and 8.5, as were the
time horizons of 2030, 2045 and 2070. The threshold used to define the Group’s need to review its drought management
alternatives was double the drought risk in the base year, 1990, when the drought level showed a return period of 1 in 20 (5%
annual probability).
The results of the assessment indicated the most critical region in relation to water-stress risk for ROVI’s production centres was
Granada, where a significant increase in the medium and long terms is forecast under scenario 8.5, the worst scenario, also
known as “business as usual”, in which emissions continue to grow during the 21st century.
However, the water-stress risk was not considered material for the three plants located in Madrid until the year 2070 under the
conditions of RCP 8.5, the most adverse scenario.
2. Climate-related transition risks
Regarding the climate-related transition risks, ROVI likewise follows the recommendations of the TCFD. In this context, the
Group identified and assessed the transition risks and opportunities that could have an effect at corporate level. The
23 No calculation has been made as to how the time horizons are linked to the forecast useful life of its assets, the strategic planning horizons or the capital
allocation plans.
24 Maximum Value-At-Risk.
67