Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in transactions of merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution of a business, the
elements that form the business acquired are measured at the amount that corresponds to them, once the transaction
has been performed, in the consolidated annual accounts of the group or subgroup.
When the parent company of the group or subgroup and its subsidiary is not involved, the annual accounts to be
considered in this respect will be those of the largest group or subgroup of which the assets and liabiltiies form part the
parent company of which is Spanish.
In these cases, any difference that may arise between the net value of the assets and liabilities of the company acquired,
adjusted by the balance of the groups of grants, donations and legacies received and adjustments for changes in value,
and any amount of capital and/or share premium, if applicable, are recorded in reserves by the absorbing company.
3.18 Health tax
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January, 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in Spain
engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are prescribed in Spanish territory on official National
Health Service prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are calculated on a
scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48 and subsequently amended by Additional Provision 6 of Law
29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Company records the
accrued health tax as a sales discount at the time the sale is made. There is a provision at the end of the period for the
estimated amount accrued but unpaid and the possible adjustment of the tax to the actual sales for the period.
In 2010, the government approved two packages of measures to reduce pharmaceutical spending. The first one focused
on generic products, which are those out of patent, for which it established an average reduction of 25% in the selling
price to laboratories. The second package addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. Since that time, a 7.5%
discount has been applied to the selling price to the public. The Group recognises the amounts relating to these
measures as a decrease in sales.
Additionally, in 2016, a co-operation agreement was signed between Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical
industry association, to which ROVI belongs, and the Spanish government. This agreement was renewed until 31
December, 2019. ROVI, as a member of Farmaindustria, is subject to this agreement. According to the agreement, in the
event that public spending on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilars) exceeds the actual growth rate of the GDP
of the Spanish economy, the pharmaceutical industry must reimburse the government for said excess in cash. The
Company recognises the amounts related to this item as a decrease in sales. Although Farmaindustria and the Spanish
government have not yet signed a new co-operation agreement applicable to 2020, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry
and ROVI consider that the parties will finally reach an agreement affecting said period. Therefore, ROVI has recognised
the estimated amount of this item as a decrease in sales in 2020.
4. Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s global risk management program focuses on the unpredictability
of the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance.
19