Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
earnings per share. The capital was reduced by cancelling 2,780,395 shares. These shares corresponded to (i) the shares
repurchased within the framework of the aforementioned Buy-Back Programme, and (ii) part of the existing treasury shares,
which totalled 546,929. The capital reduction was approved at the Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 24 June
2024 and executed by entering the pertinent deed of capital reduction into public record.
In addition, after completion of the Buy-back Programme, ROVI informed of the resumption, as of 12 June 2024, of transactions
under the liquidity contract signed between the Company and Bestinver, S.V., S.A. for management of the Company’s treasury
shares, of which the market was informed on 5 April 2022 in the pertinent announcement of other relevant information (register
number 15427). When the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the liquidity contract was suspended for the duration of the
Programme, in accordance with CNMV Circular 1/2017 of 26 April, Provision Five, 2.c). Likewise, the Company and Bestinver,
S.V., S.A. decided to modify the balances of securities and cash associated to the Liquidity Contract in the terms reported to the
market as other relevant information on 31 July 2024 (with number 30064).
On 12 September 2024, ROVI informed (by publication of other relevant information number 30484) that the 2,780,395 shares
that had been cancelled in the capital reduction approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting, had been delisted from the
Stock-Exchange Interconnection System (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil) and the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia
Stock Exchanges effective 13 September 2024. As a result, the share capital of the Company is now EUR 3,074,145.72, divided
into 51,235,762 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of EUR 0.06 each, which grant a total of 51,235,762 voting rights (one per
share). The new amount of the share capital, after the cancellation and delisting of the mentioned shares, has now been
recorded in the registers of the National Securities Market Commission and Iberclear. As a result of the cancellation of these
shares, the shareholders automatically increased their percentage interest in the share capital.
2.3.4 ROVI announces agreement to manufacture pre-filled syringes
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 2207 dated 25th April 2024) that its subsidiary, ROVI’s wholly
owned CDMO platform, ROVI Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U. (hereinafter “ROIS”) had entered into an agreement to support
the manufacture of pre-filled syringes for a global pharmaceutical company.
Under the terms of the agreement, ROIS will provide a high-speed production line at the ROIS’ San Sebastián de los Reyes
facility in Madrid, with an estimated annual capacity of 100 million units. The agreement includes the technology transfer for
aseptic filling and has a commercial production term of five years subject to the terms of the agreement, beginning on the date
of manufacture of the first commercial lot. After the technology transfer and regulatory approval, commercial production is
expected to commence in 2026. As from 2027, which is expected to be the first full recurrent manufacturing year, the ROVI´s
Group CDMO division expects to have a positive revenues increase impact ranging between 20% and 45% over 2023 sales.
ROIS is well-equipped to support the production of pre-filled syringes given its deep expertise in the current good manufacturing
practice (cGMP) production of sterile injectable products across both vials and pre-filled syringes.
Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: “We are delighted to be able to support in
the manufacture of medicine that is able to prolong the life of millions of people. Our proven experience in the manufacture of
high-valued-added injectables and the expansion of our production capacities have positioned us to help meet the rapidly
growing demand, which requires a high degree of technological capability.”
2.3.5 ROVI receives the FDA’s approval of Risvan® as a treatment for schizophrenia
ROVI informed (by publication of the other relevant information number 27772 dated 2nd April 2024) that the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) had authorised the marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in
adults.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and patented by ROVI for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults, which, as of the first injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not
require loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
This approval is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the efficacy and safety of Risperidone ISM® in
schizophrenia patients1. The results obtained in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg and 100 mg once a month)
have achieved the prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of patients with moderate to severe
symptoms of schizophrenia. The primary efficacy endpoint, the PANSS2 total score (mean difference, CI: 95%), improved
1 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with
an acute exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
2 Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale: the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale is a medical scale based on a semi-
structured interview that rates the severity of the symptoms of schizophrenia patients in three domains: positive symptoms,
negative symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms.
7