Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
The advance payments operate as a “minimum payment for the production service”, i.e. even if the manufacturing volumes
agreed by contract are not finally reached, the Group will have the right to at least the payments it has received.
c) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest method.
d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
e) Other revenue: granting of exclusive distribution licences
Occasionally the Group grants licenses to other pharmaceutical companies to sell its products on an exclusive basis in a
specific territory and also promises to manufacture the pharmaceutical product for the customer. For these agreements, the
Group collects a single down-payment for the transfer of the license, which is either non-refundable or may be refunded to the
customer under very strict terms if the product is finally not authorised for distribution in the agreed territory. In these contracts
signed with third parties whereby ROVI grants the distribution licenses, the obligations arising from the granting of these
licenses are always linked to the obligation to supply and manufacture the product, since no other entity can manufacture it. As
the customer cannot benefit from the licence unless ROVI manufactures the product, the licence and the manufacturing service
cannot be separated and, therefore, the Group recognises them as a single service obligation.
Additionally, in these types of contracts the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, as
the entity would be entitled to an amount that at least compensated the Group for its performance completed to date in the event
that the customer or another party were to terminate the contract for reasons other than the entity's failure to perform as
promised. Consequently, the Group recognises the revenue over time and defers revenue from the granting of product
distribution licenses over the number of units produced.
2.22 Leases
When a Group company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as operating
leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to profit and loss
on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
2.23 Dividend distribution
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated annual accounts in
the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.
2.24 Contributions to the public health systems and other discounts
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax, levied
by the Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in Spain engaging
in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are officially prescribed in Spanish territory on official National Health
System prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are calculated on a scale fixed by
the aforementioned Additional Provision 48, subsequently amended by Additional Provision 6 of Law 29/2006 of 29 July on
Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Group records the accrued health tax as a sales discount
when the sale is made.
The tax calculated under Law 29/2006 is paid or settled with a time lag of approximately one year. Sales subject to the tax relate
to certain Group products that are placed on the market by third parties that do not belong to the Group through official National
Health System prescriptions. This circumstance forces the Group to estimate the outstanding tax obligation and recognise it as
a provision in its financial statements.
To calculate the provision, the Group must estimate the sales placed on the market in the year through official prescriptions that
are subject to Law 29/2006, to which it will apply the coefficients established in said law. To estimate the sales, the sales history
comparing the Company’s total sales with the National Health System sales considered will be taken as a basis and this
corrective factor will be applied to the sales of said products in the period under consideration.
20