LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
increased its use of renewable energy in the operations at all the complexes. In spite of these efforts, the use of non-
renewable energy by some suppliers and in the transport chain continues to be a challenge for the Group. In this respect,
the Company has also intensified control over energy consumption, promoting energy efficiency.
Additionally, ROV faces challenges and opportunities in its approach to the fight against climate change. The commitment to
energy-efficient practices and a reduction in emissions may lead to an improvement in the Group’s reputation and attract
investors, but the lack of adaptation and collaboration of partners who have no commitment in this respect represents a risk
for the Company. Furthermore, investment in own fleets of electric vehicles and the decarbonisation requirements of some
markets present both material opportunities and risks.
E2 Pollution
Regarding pollution, a total of 13 IROs: 8 negative impacts and 5 positive impacts were found to be material.
Some of the negative impacts identified refer to the extensive use of pigs to extract mucosa as the raw material for heparins
and the resulting water pollution (effluents) and air pollution (pollutant gas emissions, such as ammonia), or the use of plastic
in the supply chain, which contributes to generating microplastics. However, ROVI has taken positive measures, such as the
renewal of the wastewater treatment system, which helps avoid the pollution of effluents, and the reuse of water for watering,
in order to take advantage of local water resources.
E3 Water and marine resources
Regarding water and marine resources, a total of 6 IROs: 3 negative impacts, 2 positive impacts and 1 risk were found to be
material. Attention should be drawn to the fact that, in the case of ROVI, there is no consumption of marine resources, since
only freshwater is used in the production process and at the offices.
In relation to water consumption and discharge, ROVI has implemented monthly control procedures to analyse and manage
water consumption, establishing specific targets that have a positive impact on water resources. However, the use of water
in its industrial operations, especially in high water-stress areas, contributes negatively to exhausting the local water supply.
This impact exists across the value chain, including suppliers, pharmaceutical laboratories and hospitals, which consume a
significant volume of water. In spite of these challenges, ROVI is committed to responsible water management, including
treatment, reuse and discharge measures to mitigate the environmental impact on local water resources.
Additionally, the main risk resulting from water consumption is related to the dependence on water resources in high water-
stress areas, since there could be supply disruptions, which could jeopardise the daily production capacity. In order to
mitigate this risk, ROVI is working on a contingency plant to guarantee the continuity of its operations.
E5 Resource use and circular economy
Regarding resource use and circular economy, a total of 9 IROs: 3 negative impacts, 5 positive impacts and 1 risk were
found to be material.
In the value chain, both suppliers and business partners depend, to a large extent, on the extraction of non-renewable
resources to manufacture certain products, which has a negative impact on resource use and the circular economy.
However, ROVI also obtains raw materials from renewable sources, such as vegetable products, animals and
biotechnological crops, which generates a positive impact on resource use. Furthermore, ROVI prioritises correct waste
management, maximising recovery and recycling, as shown in both 2023 and 2024 with the recovery of 100% of hazardous
medicine waste. Even so, the challenges persist, with medicines managed incorrectly and ending up in dumps, exacerbating
the environmental problem.
Likewise, one of the main risks ROVI faces is in relation to dependence on suppliers, especially if activities are interrupted or
slowed down as a result of problems in the supply of essential raw materials due to force majeure. This situation could have
a significant impact on the continuity of operations. In this respect, to mitigate the risk of a heparin shortage, ROVI is
constructing a plant in Huesca through a joint venture. This project favours business verticality, in addition to transforming
the current livestock farming production process into a high-value-added biotechnological process based on a circular
economy model: first , the creation of both economic and technological value in successfully transforming pig mucosa into a
26