Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
The fair value of the reimbursable advances without a rate of interest or with a subsidised interest rate is determined by applying
the interest rate curve in force at the date of receipt of the advance to the reimbursements to be made and adding the spread
normally applied in loans to the Group. For financial reporting purposes, fair value is calculated at the end of each reporting
period by applying the interest rate curve in force at the end of each reporting period to the payments outstanding and adding
the corresponding spread. For loans at variable rates of interest, fair value has been regarded as coinciding with the amount for
which they are recognised (Note 18). Measurement of reimbursable advances without an interest rate at market price is
classified as Level 2.
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Critical accounting estimates and judgements are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and other
factors, including expectations of future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
4.1 Significant estimates and judgement
The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, rarely
equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next reporting period are outlined below.
a) Recoverability of intangible assets
Under the caption “Trademarks and licences”, assets with indefinite useful lives were recognised for an amount of 5,366
thousand euros at 31 December 2024 and 2023. Management reviews these assets for indications of impairment on an annual
basis, although there have been none to date. The recoverable value, which was higher than the carrying amount at the end of
both reporting periods, has been obtained by projecting the forecast cash flows for the following five years.
b) Capitalisation of development expenses
The Group considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, a biosimilar of enoxaparin, has met all the
requirements mentioned in note 2.7.c) since last quarter of 2014, when an application was filed with the European health
authorities to obtain authorisation for the marketing of this biosimilar in Europe. Therefore, from that time until the effective
commercialisation in Europe of this biosimilar, all the expenses incurred in this project were capitalised. Amortisation of this
asset commenced at the end the first quarter of 2017 with the favourable outcome of the decentralised process used by the
Group to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union countries. These assets have a useful life of 20 years,
which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI considers that it will obtain a positive return on said
development over that period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Group considers that the requirements
established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
c) Provisions for discounts, returns, commercial transactions and contributions to the public health system (Note
17).
The “Other payables” caption includes the provisions for returns, discounts, contributions to the public health system and other
commercial transactions. The provision is Management’s best estimate based on both the historical information available to the
Company, related to product obsolescence, the regulatory framework and the product cycles, and an assessment of the
potential risks inherent to the activity (Note 2.24).
d) Climate change
The Group recognises the serious threat that global warming represents and has undertaken to act in four different areas: the
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, the reduction of non-greenhouse gas emissions, carbon neutrality and promoting
renewable energies.
Continuing to follow the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), the Group has
analysed its potential risks and opportunities to design a strategy focused on minimising its environmental impact in the short,
medium and long terms (2030, 2045 and 2070, respectively). To this end, the Group conducts a qualitative identification based
on two types:
24