Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
The Group has five plants to manufacture its own products and three for contract manufacturing. In Andalusia, it has
three plants for its own manufacturing: two engaged in producing the active substance of low-molecular-weight heparins,
in Granada and Escúzar, and the new plant that will be producing sodium heparin. ROVI is, therefore, prepared for
production of a medicine like sodium heparin, which is classified as essential by the World Health Organisation and is,
moreover, among the medicines included in the European Union’s Critical Medicine Alliance, in which ROVI participates.
Additionally, ROVI has two plants in Madrid engaged in the production of medicines based on its ISM® technology, in
which 35.6 million euros has been invested in the last five years: at the first plant, the Company produces Risperidone
ISM®, while the second is used to manufacture products under development that use highly potent active ingredients.
Furthermore, ROVI has three plants engaged in contract manufacturing: in particular, two injectables manufacturing
plants, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and Madrid, and a third in Alcalá de Henares, which is engaged in
producing solid oral forms and is a packaging centre of excellence.
Likewise, ROVI remains committed to the vertical integration of its value chain in order to achieve strategic autonomy in
its medicine manufacturing process. In this respect, ROVI is making significant investments in the construction of a new
plant in Huesca, which will transform pig mucosa into crude heparin and is considered likely to come into operation in
2026.
Buy-back programme for ROVI shares
ROVI informed the market (in inside information publication number 1926 of 26 July 2023) that, effective as of 26 July
2023, a buy-back programme (the “Buy-Back Programme”) had commenced with the following conditions:
1. Purpose and scope: the cancellation of ROVI shares (capital reduction) while, at the same time, increasing
ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the earnings per share.
2. Term: starting on 26 July 2023 for a twelve-month period.
3. Maximum monetary amount: up to 130,000 thousand euros, The maximum price per share cannot exceed the
amount provided for in article 3.2. of Delegated Regulation 20216/1052.
The authorisation for the acquisition of treasury shares granted to the Board of Directors at the General
Shareholders’ Meeting of 17 June 2021 established (a) a minimum price equivalent to the nominal value of the
treasury shares acquired and (b) a maximum price equivalent to a price no higher than the greater of (i) the
price of the latest transaction conducted in the market between independent parties and (ii) the highest price
contained in a purchase order in the order book.
4. Maximum number of share to be acquired: 2,700,000 shares in the Company, representing approximately 5% of
ROVI’s share capital at 26 July 2023.
5. Trading volume taken as a reference: the trading volume that will be taken as a reference for the purposes of
article 3.3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 for the duration of the Buy-Back Programme will be 25% of the
average daily trading volume of the ROVI shares at the trading venue where the purchase is made during the
twenty trading days preceding the purchase date.
On 11 June 2024, ROVI concluded the Buy-Back programme, having acquired 2,233,466 shares for an amount of 130.0
million euros, representing approximately 4.3% of the share capital.
As notified when the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the purpose of the Programme was to cancel shares of ROVI
through a reduction of capital and, at the same time, to contribute to ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the
profit per share. The reduction of the capital will be carried out by cancelling 2,780,395 shares. The latter corresponds to
(i) the shares repurchased within the framework of the aforementioned Buy-Back Programme, and (ii) part of the existing
treasury shares, which total 546,929. The capital reduction was approved at the Ordinary General Shareholders’
Meeting, held on 24 June 2024. The new amount of the share capital, after the shares mentioned have been cancelled
and excluded from trading, will appear in the registers of the National Securities Market Commission and Iberclear a few
days after registration of the deed of capital reduction. The Company will provide further information in due course.
35