Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
4.6.- Universal accessibility
Full social and workplace mainstreaming of persons with disabilities is hindered, firstly, by the physical obstacles to
access to the work environment. In addition, the difficulty in using tools, objects and products irrespective of the person’s
technical, cognitive or physical skills is a further hurdle. ROVI believes that full and complete mainstreaming requires
both types of barrier to be overcome.
To overcome the physical barriers, ROVI is endeavouring for the work centres where it carries on its activities to be
accessible for everyone safely, comfortably and independently. For this to materialise, the new plans for remodelling
works on work centre accesses include accessibility for persons with disabilities as one of the design premises.
To make the products marketed easier to use, they are labelled in Braille, so that the visually impaired can use them
autonomously. Thus, the purpose for which they were designed is fully attained. Likewise, ROVI adapts the workstation
and the work tools to the needs of the employees who are going to use them.
For ROVI, it is also important for its employees to be sensitised to the difficulties of persons with disabilities. Therefore, at
the same time as the actions to favour accessibility, ROVI fosters sensitisation as the primary tool to combat the barriers
that exist for people with disabilities. In this respect, it carries out corporate volunteering activities with non-profit entities
engaged in the social mainstreaming of persons with mental and intellectual disabilities.
This allows employees to obtain first-hand knowledge of the main barriers that people with disabilities have to overcome
in their everyday life. These activities are broadcast on the organisation’s internal television channel and included in the
periodic internal publications. Thus, the Company’s commitment to accessibility and inclusion is shared with the
employees, in order to raise disability awareness and combat the discrimination suffered by this group of people.
4.7.- Equality
ROVI is convinced that real equality in treatment and opportunities for women and men is indispensable in order for the
company to make good use of all the talent available and to prevent this talent from remaining hidden and unused as a
result of practices that prevent or restrict it from being fully expressed.
As a consequence of the foregoing, ROVI is committed to establishing and developing polices that include equal
treatment and opportunities for women and men, with no direct or indirect gender discrimination, and to drive and foster
measures to achieve real equality within the organisation, establishing equal opportunities as a strategic principle in its
human resources policy.
Likewise, ROVI is committed to no discrimination based on gender or any other personal characteristic in selection,
promotion and personal development processes and the remuneration policy according to which workers are paid.
Applying this commitment, the organisation carries out an integrated activity covering the following spheres: Equality,
Code of Ethics, Protocol for the Prevention and Handling of Cases of Moral and Sexual Harassment, and Ethics
Channel.
25