Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
For ROVI, it is also important for its employees to be sensitised to the difficulties of persons with disabilities. Therefore, at
the same time as the actions to favour accessibility, ROVI fosters sensitisation as the primary tool to combat the barriers
that exist for people with disabilities. In this respect, it carries out corporate volunteering activities with non-profit entities
engaged in the social mainstreaming of persons with mental and intellectual disabilities.
This allows employees to obtain first-hand knowledge of the main barriers that people with disabilities have to overcome
in their everyday life. These activities are broadcast on the organisation’s internal television channel and included in the
periodic internal publications. Thus, the Group’s commitment to accessibility and inclusion is shared with the employees,
in order to raise disability awareness and combat the discrimination suffered by this group of people.
4.7. Equality
ROVI is convinced that real equality in treatment and opportunities for women and men is indispensable in order for the
company to make good use of all the talent available and to prevent this talent from remaining hidden and unused as a
result of practices that prevent or restrict it from being fully expressed.
As a consequence of the foregoing, ROVI is committed to establishing and developing polices that include equal treatment
and opportunities for women and men, with no direct or indirect gender discrimination, and to drive and foster measures
to achieve real equality within the organisation, establishing equal opportunities as a strategic principle in its human
resources policy.
Likewise, ROVI is committed to no discrimination based on gender or any other personal characteristic in selection,
promotion and personal development processes and the remuneration policy according to which workers are paid.
Applying this commitment, the organisation carries out an integrated activity covering the following spheres: Equality, Code
of Ethics, Protocol for the Prevention and Handling of Cases of Moral and Sexual Harassment, and Ethics Channel.
ROVI had an Equal Opportunities Plan for men and women until 2019, in accordance with the legislation in force until said
year. As a derivative of this Plan, the Equality Opportunities Commission was created, with the main mission of making a
diagnosis and monitoring the measures implemented to ensure equal opportunities and non-discrimination, as well as
fostering the inclusion of new actions in this respect.
As mentioned above, during 2020, the ROVI Group worked to implement an Equality Plan in line with the regulatory
framework set out in Royal Decree-Law 6/2019. The consultancy firm PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers) and an Equality
Commission formed by the Company’s main interlocutors took part in preparing said Equality Plan.
However, the surprising publication of Royal Decree 901/2020 of 13 October, which regulated equality plans and the
registration thereof and amended Royal Decree 713/2010, led to substantial changes in the methodology for preparing the
plan and in the Company’s obligations. Therefore, the Equality Plan has been updated within the framework of the new
legislation and is expected to be published during the first few months of 2021.
ROVI’s commitment to equality and non-discrimination is also set out in the Group’s Code of Ethics and the principles that
govern training programmes and actions.
33