Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount.
Losses and gains on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount and are recognised in profit
and loss.
3.3 Impairment losses on non-financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation/depreciation and are tested annually for
impairment. Assets subject to amortisation/depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the
amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of
an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets
other than goodwill that have suffered impairment are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to see whether the
impairment has been reversed.
3.4 Financial assets
(a) Classification of financial assets
The Company classifies its financial assets into the following categories:
a) Loans and receivables: loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable
payments that are not listed on an active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities at
more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and other
receivables are included in “Credits to companies” and “Trade and other receivables” in the statement of financial
position.
Bank deposits maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category.
These financial assets are recognised initially at fair value, including transaction costs directly attributable to them,
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, recognising the interest accrued in accordance with the effective
interest rate, defined as the discount rate that equals the carrying amount of the instrument to the totality of its
estimated cash flows until maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, credits for trading operations maturing at more
than one year are measured, both upon initial recognition and subsequently, at their face value, provided that the
effect of not discounting the flows is not significant.
At least at the end of the reporting period, the measurement adjustments required due to impairment will be made
if there is objective evidence that not all the amounts outstanding will be received.
The amount of the impairment loss is the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate upon initial recognition.
Impairment losses and, if applicable, the reversal thereof are recognised in profit and loss.
11