Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
o Diversified portfolio protected by patents: ROVI has a portfolio of products of its own and licensed, for most
of which there is growing demand and which are not affected by the reference pricing system in Spain for
nine therapeutic areas.
o Infrastructure with operating advantages: ROVI is one of the main companies in the contract manufacturing
business in the sector and among the world leaders in prefilled syringe production.
o Low-risk innovation. ROVI operates with a low-risk strategy, concentrating on chronic diseases with broad
medical requirements.
At 31 December, 2020, ROVI had a total of 1,419 employees and sales of 419,961 thousand euros in the period ended at
said date.
ROVI is listed on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Valencia y Madrid stock exchanges. In 2018, the Company carried out a capital
increase, after which the share capital consisted of 56,068,965 shares with a face value of 0.06 euros each. The quoted
price of the share at 31 December, 2020 was 37.90 euros, having risen 55% in comparison with the end of the preceding
year.
2.2. Geographical presence
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. has its current registered office in Madrid (C/ Julián Camarillo, 35). In addition to
these offices, in 2017, ROVI opened new offices in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid (Calle José Isbert 2), where the
management team and the marketing and sales areas are located, as well as other central group services.
ROVI has three research centres and six plants to manufacture its own products and provide services to third parties,
located at facilities in Madrid (production and R&D), San Sebastián de los Reyes (production), Alcalá de Henares
(production and R&D) and Granada (production and R&D). Furthermore, in 2019, ROVI announced that the construction
of a second heparin plant would commence in Granada.
At the end of 2020, ROVI was present in more than 75 countries and had local offices in the following:
o Spain, where a large part of its marketing operations are conducted, as well as al the manufacturing
services and R&D activities.
o Poland
o France
o Portugal
o Italy
o Germany
o United Kingdom
In the last five of these countries, ROVI has corporate structures through which it carries out pharmaceutical product
marketing activities directly. In the case of the Polish subsidiary, product marketing had not commenced at 31 December,
2020.
5