Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Contribution to COVID-19
During the first wave of the pandemic in Spain, in March 2020, at the time when the health services were in a state of
collapse and were having huge difficulties in accessing basic protection material, ROVI made a donation of a million masks
and more than 1,000 protection suits to the National Health Management Institute (INGESA), which reports to the Ministry
of Health.
Additionally, for the rest of the year, ROVI continued to make donations by contributing healthcare equipment considered
especially useful for healthcare workers during the pandemic. Specifically, the following were donated:
- 241,000 surgical masks to 154 hospitals.
- 48 portable ultrasound machines to 41 hospitals.
- 2,345 stethoscopes to 90 hospitals.
- 2,710 pulse oximeters to 106 hospitals.
Commitment to research
ROVI is fully committed to supporting research and uses a significant part of its resources to promote it. Although, on
occasions, the economic circumstances are particularly difficult, it is up to all of us to prioritize research and development
in order to respond to the huge challenges that exist in health matters. Therefore, over recent years, ROVI has been
carrying on intensive research activity with the intention of fomenting the prevention and knowledge of certain diseases, in
order to improve patient health and quality of life.
At the same time, ROVI strongly supports collaborative research and is aware that the formation of research consortia is,
today, a need and requirement of the “knowledge society”. Therefore, it has, for years, endeavoured to hold collaboration
agreements with other leading benchmark companies in the sector, biotechnological companies, spin-offs, universities and
public research centres, thus reflecting its commitment to creating a dynamic ecosystem of knowledge excellence at
national, inter-institutional and multidisciplinary level.
This research work is reflected in the support received by the Group’s main research lines from an important national entity,
such as the Industrial Technological Development Centre (CDTI), and regional entities such us the Technological
Corporation of Andalusia (CTA) and the IDEA Agencia, which made several visits to evaluate and monitor projects during
2020.
The COVID-19 pandemic activated numerous research initiatives seeking to generate scientific information and evidence
about the disease, its effects and the possible ways to tackle it. Along these lines, ROVI reached a collaboration agreement
with the HM Hospitales group to fund a clinical trial analysing the efficiency and safety of bemiparin in patients in hospital
with pneumonia due to COVID-19 and D-dimer of over 500ng/ml, as well as another collaboration agreement with the
University of Navarra to carry out an open-label randomised clinical test to evaluate to effect of prophylactic or therapeutic
doses of bemiparin in patients with COVID-19 (BEMCOP).
43