Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
- Organisation of working hours
ROVI carries on its economic activities in three different environments: the industrial production area, the sales area and
the industrial structure/offices area. The activity of each one of them has different dynamics, requiring different working
hours and ways of organising working time. In all of them, ROVI foments criteria for organising working time and time off
to facilitate the best work-life balance possible, as well as enabling ROVI employees to exercise motherhood and
fatherhood responsibly.
The industrial environment, which includes the employees working at the pharmaceutical product production plants, makes
it necessary for employees who are engaged in manufacturing tasks or work directly related thereto to have working hours
that coincide with the times of activity of the production processes. This means that this group of people works, in general,
under a shift system. Since we are aware that shift work is more arduous, it is used when there is no other possible
alternative that is compatible with the viability of the activity and the demand for the product manufactured and we strive
to reduce the inconvenience of the shift dynamics as much as possible. The holiday period in the industrial area is also
subject to the volume of activity and must, in general, be arranged on fixed dates for the whole workforce. At any event,
we endeavour to ensure that it is always in summer and ROVI undertakes that at least half the holidays will be enjoyed in
the summer period. Additionally, the time off scheduled to adjust the work calendar of this group of employees is fixed to
coincide with school holidays, so that the employees can enjoy it with the rest of their families.
The health crisis has also had an effect on the organisation of the work of shift workers who use the plants’ changing
rooms. COVID-19 has led to the need to disinfect the changing rooms at each change of shift for appropriate prevention
and workplace safety. Additionally, there have been other changes. Thus, some shifts and lines have had to end their
working day earlier, while others have had to extend it to avoid stopping production, with the damage this would cause. In
cases where the working day has had to end early, no penalty has been applied to the workers’ salaries and, when the
working day has had to be extended, the workers have been compensated either economically or with time off.
Employees in the sales area carry on their activity in daytime working hours, coinciding with those of the customers to
whom they market ROVI’s products. Given the nature of their activity, they have a high degree of independence in planning
their work, which allows them to reconcile their work with any needs that may arise in their family life.
Employees in this area have also suffered changes in the organisation of their work due to of the health crisis. This has
been because of the generalised restrictions on in-person medical visits that the health authorities have established to a
greater or lesser degree in each wave of the crisis. In general terms, the change has entailed replacing in-person visits by
digital interactions, videoconferences, virtual medical visits and other actions adapted to the aforementioned restrictions.
In the industrial structure and office area, time is organised through flexible working hours. This allows employees to start
and end their working day with a margin of choice, depending on their needs or preferences.
In the last two groups mentioned, holidays are preferably taken in summer and, additionally, time off is arranged during
school holidays.
25