Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
These financial assets are recognised initially at fair value, including transaction costs directly attributable to them,
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, recognising the interest accrued in accordance with the effective
interest rate, defined as the discount rate that equals the carrying amount of the instrument to the totality of its
estimated cash flows until maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, credits for trading operations maturing at more
than one year are measured, both upon initial recognition and subsequently, at their face value, provided that the
effect of not discounting the flows is not significant.
At least at the end of the reporting period, the measurement adjustments required due to impairment will be made
if there is objective evidence that not all the amounts outstanding will be received.
The amount of the impairment loss is the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the present
value of the estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate upon initial recognition.
Impairment losses and, if applicable, the reversal thereof are recognised in profit and loss.
2) Financial assets at cost: this category includes investments in the equity of group and associated companies and
investments in equity instruments whose fair value cannot be determined by reference to a quoted price in an
active market for an identical instrument or cannot be reliably estimated. They are measured at cost less, if
applicable, the cumulative amount of any impairment losses. Notwithstanding, when an investment exists prior to
the classification as a group, multi-group or associated company, the carrying amount before being thus classified
is deemed to be an investment cost. Previous value adjustments recorded directly in equity remain there until they
are derecognised.
If there is objective evidence that the carrying amount is not recoverable, the applicable value adjustments will be
made for the difference between the carrying amount and the recoverable amount, defined as the higher of the
fair value less cost to sell and the present value of the cash flows derived from the investment. Unless there is
other evidence of the recoverable amount, when estimating the impairment of these investments, the equity of the
investee adjusted by any tacit capital gains that may exist at the measurement date, will be used. The value
adjustment and, if applicable, the reversal thereof, will be recognised in profit and loss in the period in which it
takes place.
3) Financial assets at fair value through equity: this category includes securities representing debt and equity
instruments not classified in any of the preceding categories. They are included in non-current assets unless
Management intends to dispose of the investment within the 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
They are measured at fair value, recognising any changes that take place directly in the equity until the asset is
disposed of or impaired, when the losses and gains accumulated in the equity are taken to profit and loss,
provided it is possible to determine the aforementioned fair value. Otherwise, they are recognised at cost less
impairment losses.
For financial assets at fair value through equity, value adjustments are made if there is objective evidence that
they have been impaired as the result of a reduction or delay in the estimated future cash flows in the case of debt
instruments acquired, or the non-recoverability of the carrying amount of the asset in the case of investments in
equity instruments. The value adjustment is the difference between the cost or amortised cost less, if applicable,
any value adjustment previously recognised in profit and loss, and the fair value at the time the measurement is
made. In the case of equity instruments measured at cost because it is not possible to determine their fair value,
the value adjustment is determined in the same way as for investments in the equity of group, multi-group and
associated companies.
If there is objective evidence of impairment, the Company recognises the accumulated losses from a decrease in
the fair value which were previously recognised in equity in profit and loss. Impairment losses on equity
instruments recognised in profit and loss are not reversed through profit and loss.
The fair values of listed investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not
active (and for unlisted securities), the Company fixes a fair value using measurement techniques that include the
use of recent transactions between interested and duly-informed parties, references to other instruments that are
substantially the same, methods employing the discount of estimated future cash flows and option price-fixing
models, making maximum use of data observable in the market and placing as little confidence as possible in the
Company’s subjective considerations.
Financial assets are derecognised in the statement of financial position when all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the asset are substantially transferred. In the specific case of receivables, this is deemed to take
place, in general, when the risks of default and delinquency are transferred.
11