Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
ROVI wishes a swift recovery to all those affected by coronavirus and sends special recognition to the health
professionals, the State security forces and all the other professionals who, in order to protect all of us, are on the
battlefront in the fight against the virus. Likewise, ROVI would like to thank all its employees for their commitment,
responsibility, involvement and determination, especially those who continue to travel to its work centres every day.
2.3.4 ROVI announces the commencement of the assessment process to obtain marketing authorisation for Doria® in
the European Union
ROVI informed (by publication of the material event number 286374 dated 31st of January of 2020) that, after the
conclusion of the validation phase, the European health authorities have commenced the assessment process to grant
marketing authorisation for Doria®, a long-acting anti-psychotic injection for the treatment of schizophrenia, based on the
ISM® technology patented by ROVI, in the European Union (EU).
ROVI filed its application for marketing authorisation for Doria® with the European health authorities, the European
Medicines Agency (EMA), through the Centralised Procedure on 27 December, 2019. After passing the validation phase
satisfactorily, the dossier was admitted for evaluation on 30 January, 2020.
It is forecast that the assessment phase of the Centralised Procedure used by ROVI to register this medicine in the EU
may take around one year. It should, however, be noted that the assessment process is subject to interruptions and
delays in the event that the European health authorities require additional information. Likewise, mention should be made
of the fact that the outcome of the registration process (which may be positive or negative) cannot be known until it has
concluded.
ROVI will continue to provide information on the milestones deemed significant in this authorisation as the calendar for
registration of the medicine in the European Union advances, as well as the registration of the same medicine with the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), in 2020.
“We are continuing to progress with the approval phase of Doria® and are now closer to marketing it. We have
confidence in the product’s potential and hope that we will soon be able to offer a therapeutic alternative for the treatment
of this chronic, serious and progressive disorder”, said Juan López-Belmonte, ROVI’s Chief Executive Officer.
2.4.- Research and development
ISM® technology platform
Doria® (Risperidone ISM®) is the first ROVI’s product based in its leading-edge drug delivery technology, ISM®. It is a
novel investigational antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia with once-monthly injections which has been
developed and patented by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI S.A. and which, as of the first injection, provides
immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or supplementation with oral
risperidone.
10