LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Likewise, this analysis is complemented by the review of a variety of documents that are important for the Group, in addition
to interviews with representatives of key business areas, enabling an understanding of how each segment contributes to the
global value created by the Group.
Business lines
Specialty Contract manufacturing business
R&D
pharmaceuticals (CDMO)
• Prescription products. • Manufacture of active • Innovative drug delivery
ingredients and contract technology (ISM®).
manufacturing.
• Contrast agents for diagnostic
imaging and other hospital • Glycomics area
products. • Fill-and-finish of injectables.
• Multi-layer technology for
• Manufacturing and packaging of urethral catheters.
solid oral forms.
Additionally, to obtain a full understanding that allows identification of IROs associated with the results of business relations,
an analysis was conducted of the Group’s value chain, defined as the set of interconnected activities, resources and relations
that are linked to the business model and the external environment in which the Company operates.
The participants in the upstream value chain, such as suppliers, play a vital role in providing the products, raw materials or
services necessary to create the Group’s end products, specifically medicines and technology. In addition, the participants in
the downstream value chain are those who take part in the distribution or the use and consumption of ROVI’s products, such
as, for example, patients and healthcare professionals, who are those who finally use or recommend the products offered by
the Company.
Value chain
Another prominent aspect of this phase was defining the key stakeholders, including all the entities that are influenced or
impacted by the Group’s operations. Identifying these stakeholder groups is crucial in developing strategies that respond
effectively to the dynamics of the environment and the expectations of those affected. For details of the key stakeholder
groups identified and engaged in the assessment, see Disclosure Requirement SBM-2.
Finally, as the last step in the understanding phase, a work team composed of representatives of ROVI’s strategic areas was
formed, marking the beginning of the impact, risk and opportunity identification phase. This meticulous process not only
helped the Group’s priorities in sustainability-related matters to emerge, but also assisted in establishing a sound basis for
29