Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
2019 2018
ECONOMIC COMP. ECONOMIC COMP.
GROUP SECTOR GROUP SECTOR
Absolute absence rate RIP & RIB 0.38% 0.28% 0.19% 0.29%
RIP: Risk in Pregnancy
RIB: Risk in breastfeeding
2019 2018
Sector Sector
Days off Days Worked Absence rate Days off Days Worked Absence rate
absence rate absence rate
TOTALS 742 197,559 0.38% 0.28% 362 191,282 0.19% 0.29%
Source: Mutua de Accidentes de Trabajo FREMAP. Annual Report on Global Absences ROVI Group.
From the figures shown for absences due to risk during pregnancy and risk during breastfeeding, it may be seen that the
number of days of absence was 742, equivalent to 5,936 working hours lost, meaning an absence rate of 0.38%.
- Reconciliation of work and family life and support of co-responsibility therein
ROVI endeavours to create an environment in the organisation that enables its employees to attain a higher quality of
life, with a balance between their personal and family life and progress in their professional careers. To do this, a set of
work-life balance measures are in place, with options adapted to different personal and family situations.
ROVI’s employees apply the work-life balance measures contained in current legislation and the enhancements
introduced by the Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry, as well as other measures, such as flexible working
hours, exchanging shifts or flexibility in the calendars for time off. As we say above in the section on Organisation of
Working Hours, ROVI has a flexible starting and finishing times for the working day of office employees and structure
employees in the industrial area. Likewise, it allows exchanges of shift or days between co-workers in the industrial area
and shorter working days adapted to the needs of each person, also offering flexibility in holiday calendars, provided that
this is compatible with the activity of area in which the employee works
ROVI also supports the work-life balance through advantages in the remuneration of its workforce. Thus, it ensures that
maternity does not represent any decrease in the usual income of the pregnant woman or the father. In this respect, the
Company itself, as an improvement on the public benefits, pays a wage supplement that completes the benefit received
from the Social Security to 100% of the employee’s salary. It also offers salary options, with the availability of nursery
school vouchers, restaurant vouchers and health insurance. Furthermore, ROVI offers all its permanent employees cover
by the life insurance policy paid by the company.
In order to prevent avoidable travel and trips, ROVI provides all the personnel who so require with a laptop computer with
connectivity to the ROVI network and encourages the use of videoconferences and on-line meetings. Likewise, if the
work performed so permits, teleworking is organised during the last weeks of pregnancy. Additionally, at work centres
where street parking is difficult, parking spaces are made available to pregnant women.
20