Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
4. SOCIAL AND EMPLOYEE MATTERS
4.1.- Employment
As in preceding years, in 2020, the Group’s continuing growth strategy continued and, in accordance therewith, ROVI
increased its number of employees, thus continuing with its human resources policy aimed at adapting the workforce to
the needs defined by business strategy.
During the year, ROVI continued with its policy of favouring permanent employment as a way to create a stable workforce
and generate high-quality jobs. ROVI’s strategy fosters a balanced use of permanent and temporary contracts, using the
former to cover the structural workforce needs and the latter for specific or seasonal requirements of the activity. This is
shown in the distribution of the workforce, where permanent contracts prevail (80% of the employees).
Another feature of the employment policy to highlight is the Group’s effort to promote the inclusion and access of differently-
abled candidates under equitable conditions, as well as balance and equality in the conditions for men and women. Thus,
the strategy to consolidate equal opportunities and diversity as a defining aspect of ROVI’s culture continues.
ROVI still believes that, in order to undertake its business strategy, a workforce balanced between young and experienced
professionals is necessary. This can be seen from the tables showing the distribution of employees by age, where a
balance in the distribution of the workforce among the different brackets may be noted.
An event in 2020 to be highlighted was the agreement signed in June with the laboratory Moderna for provision of
production, filling and storage services for the vaccine against COVID-19.This agreement will represent, predictably, an
increase of activity in the industrial area and the workforce in this area.
The following figures show the indicators for the ROVI workforce at 31 December, 2000. Mention should be made of the
fact that the figures do not include information in relation to scholarship contracts and that seasonality and cyclicity are not
significant in the Company.
- Total number and distribution of employees by:
a) Gender
DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES BY Total
2020 2019
GENDER variation
Men 672 614 9%
Women 747 696 7%
TOTAL 1,419 1,310 8%
17