3
(Translation from the original in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails.)
a) Determine, solely, whether the non-financial information statement and certain information
included in the Annual Corporate Governance Report and the Annual Report on Directors’
Remuneration, as specified in the Spanish Audit Law, have been provided in the manner
stipulated in the applicable legislation, and if not, to report on this matter.
b) Assess and report on the consistency of the rest of the information included in the directors’
report with the annual accounts, based on knowledge of the entity obtained during the audit of
the aforementioned annual accounts. Also, assess and report on whether the content and
presentation of this part of the directors’ report are in accordance with applicable legislation. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there are material misstatements, we
are required to report them.
Based on the work carried out, as described in the preceding paragraph, we have observed that the
information mentioned in section a) above has been provided in the manner stipulated in the
applicable legislation, that the rest of the information contained in the directors’ report is consistent
with that disclosed in the annual accounts for 2021, and that the content and presentation of the
report are in accordance with applicable legislation.
Directors' and Audit Committee's Responsibility for the Annual Accounts ____
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the accompanying annual accounts in such a
way that they give a true and fair view of the equity, financial position and financial performance of
the Company in accordance with the financial reporting framework applicable to the entity in Spain,
and for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of annual
accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the annual accounts, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or
to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The audit committee is responsible for overseeing the preparation and presentation of the annual
accounts.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Annual Accounts ______________
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report
that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with prevailing legislation regulating the audit of accounts in Spain will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these annual accounts.
As part of an audit in accordance with prevailing legislation regulating the audit of accounts in Spain,
we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We
also: