Free translation of the 2018 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2018 Management Report
4. Key operating and financial events
4.1 ROVI acquires Falithrom® for the German market
ROVI informed (by publication of the relevant fact number 273591 dated 9th of January of 2019) about the acquisition of
Falithrom®, which was owned by Hexal AG (“Hexal”), a company belonging to the Sandoz division of Novartis, to be
directly marketed by ROVI in Germany.
Falithrom® is used for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic disease including venous thrombosis,
thromboembolism, and pulmonary embolism as well as for the prevention of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial
fibrillation (AF).
According to IQVIA, the 2017 net sales of the product in Germany totalled around 3.5 million euros. ROVI will pay Hexal
nine million euros for the product.
Under this agreement, Falithrom® will be directly marketed by ROVI in Germany as soon as the administrative processes
to authorize the transfer of the marketing authorization are completed before the Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical
Devices (BfArM).
4.2 ROVI has increased its equity by approximately 88 million euros
ROVI informed (by publication of the relevant fact number 270159 dated 4th of October of 2018) that the Board of
Directors adopted a resolution to increase the share capital of ROVI by means of monetary contributions through the
issue of new ordinary shares with a nominal value of 0€ .06 each (the “Initial Offer Shares”) (the “Capi tal Increase”),
which may be increased by a number of new ordinary shares representing up to 10% of the number of Initial Offer
Shares that are issued (the “Option Shares” and, together with the Initial Offer Shares, the “Offer Shares”) to cover over-
allotments (if any) which may be made in connection with the offering of the Initial Offer Shares and short positions
resulting from stabilization transactions. The final number of Offer Shares has led to the raising of approximately 88
million euros (share capital and issue premium).
The proceeds obtained from the sale of the Offer Shares are to be used to partly finance the Phase III clinical testing of
Risperidone ISM® and other expenses related to Risperidone ISM® until its commercialization, if approved, to finance, in
whole or in part, the Phase I clinical testing of Letrozol ISM®, to support the ongoing marketing of its enoxaparin
biosimilar Becat® and for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions.
4.3 ROVI has commenced the marketing of the Enoxaparin biosimilar in eight countries and has reached distribution and
marketing agreements with Hikma and Sandoz
ROVI informed (by publication of the relevant fact number 249265 dated 7th of March of 2017) that the decentralised
procedure used for the Company to submit, in 26 countries of the European Union, the marketing authorization
application of a low molecular weight heparin (Enoxaparin biosimilar) was completed with positive outcome.
In the mentioned decentralised procedure, Germany has acted as Reference Member State (RMS). The national phase
of the registration process, which is expected to be completed with the granting by the competent local authorities of the
marketing authorisation in each concerned country, was initiated in the first half 2017, and it continued during the rest of
the year and 2018.
4