LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Mention should be made of the fact that, if a product safety problem related to parallel imports were to arise, it would be notified
directly to the importer, who is responsible for providing a response and, likewise, the Group Pharmacovigilance area would be
informed.
International area
In licensing-in processes,54 one of the main criteria when selecting a product is its safety profile. If, in the course of the
evaluation of the clinical trials, any problems were to arise with the product safety data, ROVI would end the process.
Regulatory Compliance area
In 2024, the Group continued to supervise, on a recurring basis, the product promotion projects proposed by the Marketing or
Sales areas in respect of ethical marketing. The Regulatory Compliance area conducts a review in which it assesses whether
the concept of the activity is in line with the Group’s Ethical Marketing Policy, the EFPIA Code, the Farmaindustria Code or,
where applicable, the code of the relevant country, among others. Attention should be drawn to the fact that, although ROVI has
not formally adhered to the specific codes of some countries, such as Italy or the United Kingdom, it complies with the standards
they establish and has a consultant in each country who is an expert in local legislation. In France, the Group is governed
directly by national legislation (taking into account regulations like the French Health Code, the Criminal Code and other
administrative rules), since there is no specific code. Mention should be made of the fact that, in 2024, ROVI did not carry out
any marketing activities in France.
Additionally, in 2024, the corporate Compliance Department conducted internal reviews related to ethical marketing in the Group
subsidiaries in Germany, supplementing the supervision carried out by the compliance area in Germany. These reviews entailed
an expense of €30,000 euros for ROVI.
In 2024, ROVI also continued with training on its Ethical Marketing Policy, which had been approved in 2023, as set out in one
of the strategic goals of the ESG Master Plan. Significant effort was made to ensure that 100% of the employees who have
relations with healthcare professionals and healthcare organisations, including those belonging to Group subsidiaries, received
this training through the Campus ROVI training platform. Furthermore, training was also provided to recurring suppliers of the
Marketing Department to ensure they complied with ROVI’s ethical marketing requirements.
R&D&I area
During 2024, ROVI worked on a series of R&D&I55 actions intended to improve what it offered to consumers and end-users:
First, the Group progressed with the clinical development of formulations of Letrozole LEBE and quarterly Risperidone. Both
projects are in phase 1 and preliminary results are expected for February and the end of the first quarter of 2025, respectively.
These results will be used to discuss the plan for the clinical trials with the health authorities in order to obtain registration.
Furthermore, there are potential formulations at an exploratory stage that have not yet been made public due to their incipient
state.
Regarding the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI), ROVI has integrated this technology in various ways. It is possible to highlight
the acquisition of the diagnostics company Cells AI, where AI tools are applied to improve diagnosis, as well as in pathological
anatomy. Likewise, artificial intelligence was also used in various aspects of R&D&I projects in 2024.
ROVI has, firstly, begun an evaluation of the use of AI tools to improve the predictive models used in the efficacy studies of the
clinical trials prior to registration of the product. It has also considered starting to work with AI tools in the use of production data
and quality attributes of the raw and intermediate manufacturing materials in processing heparins, in order to assess whether
there is any inter-relationship between the raw material attributes and certain metrics that maximises performance. Additionally,
in 2024, the implementation of IA tools in the framework of epilepsy was considered, where collaboration agreements have been
signed with companies engaged in seeking new pharmacological objectives for ROVI products in the development phase.
54 The licensing-in activity consists of the acquisition by ROVI of rights over pharmaceutical products developed by other companies to market and distribute
them under its own trade mark or in collaboration with the company that developed them.
55 Attention should be drawn to the fact that information on R&D&I investments will not be disclosed due to its sensitive nature, in accordance with ESRS 1
(7.7.).
134