Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
IFRS states that lessees must recognise a financial liability for the present value of the payments to be made
over the remaining life of the lease contract and an asset for the right of use of the underlying asset, which is
measured on the basis of the asociated liability, to which any initial direct costs incurred are added. Additionally,
the criterion for recognisng the lease expense changes and it is now recognised as an expense for depreciation
of the asset and a financial expense for the discounting of the lease liablity. In respect of the current accounting
by the lessor, the rules do not change substantially and the lessor must continue to classify the lease as
operating or financial, depending on the degree to which the risks and rewards of ownership are substantially
transferred.
The Group has assessed the first application of the Standard, identifying the lease contracts that may fall within
the scope of IFRS 16. To do this, the Group:
- Reviewed the lease contracts and grouped them by type: leases on the real estate where it carries out
its principal activities, vehicle leases and computer equipment leases.
- The Group has applied the recognition exemption for underlying assets with a low value (less than
5,000 US dollars) and a short term (12 months or less). Las facturas emitidas por los proveedores
contratados recogen servicios de distinta naturaleza.
- In the case of vehicles, the present value of the payments has been determined on the basis of the
current commitment, seven months.
- The Group has elected to apply the modified retrospective effect, according to which the 2018 period
will not be restated, as its transition model.
- The Group has elected to measure the initial right-of-use asset at the amount of the lease liability at 1
January, 2019 for all the lease contracts.
- To determine the present value of the payments to be made over the remaining lives of the leasse
contracts for the right-of-use of the underlying assets, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate, close to
the Group’s debt ratio, has been applied. At the date of initial application, this is 1.5%.
- The term of the leases has been identified by classifying leases with a similar nature.
After the aforementioned analysis, the estimated effect of the transition to IFRS 16 at the effective date would
be:
- Recognition of assets under the “Right-of-use assets” caption (non-current assets) for an amount of,
approximately, 22 million euros.
- Increase in debt under the captions “Financial liabilities for non-current and current leases” of,
approximately, 19 million euros and 3 million euros, respectively.
The estimated impacts that application of IFRS 16 would have had on the consolidated income statement and
consolidated statement of cash flows for 2018 are:
- Lower operating expenses and, consequently, an increase of, approximately, 0.1 million euros in the
gross operating profits, since operating lease payments are recognized under the operating expenses
caption, offset by recognition of an increased expense for the depreciation of the right-of-use asset of,
approximately, 3 million euros and an increase of 0.3 million euros in the finance costs of the lease
liabilities.
14