ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
F.3.3 Internal control policies and procedures intended to guide the management of subcontracted
activities and those of third parties, as well as those aspects of assessment, calculation or
evaluation entrusted to independent experts, which may materially affect financial statements.
At present, the only outsourced operation with a material effect on the financial information is the process of preparing the payroll. The
payroll management process is monitored by the Human Resources Department. The supervisory activities are shown in the
documentation describing the Company’s flows and activities.
F.4. Information and communication
State whether the company has at least the following, describing their main characteristics:
F.4.1 A specifically assigned function for defining and updating accounting policies (accounting policy area or
department) and resolving doubts or conflicts arising from their interpretation, maintaining a free flow
of information to those responsible for operations in the organisation, as well as an up-to-date
accounting policy manual distributed to the business units through which the company operates.
In the Company’s Financial Department, specifically in the accounting area, there is a specific function responsible for defining the
accounting policies and keeping them updated, as well as solving any doubts or conflicts arising from the interpretation thereof.
The Company has an accounting policy manual that includes the main accounting criteria to be taken into account when preparing the
financial information. Said manual is updated by ROVI’s Financial Department periodically. The latest update took place in December
2017 and a revision process is currently underway to include the applicable new accounting principles.
F.4.2 Measures for capturing and preparing financial information with consistent formats for application
and use by all of the units of the entity or the group, and which contain the main financial statements
and notes, as well as detailed information regarding ICFR.
All the companies that form part of the Group use SAP as the only system for capturing and preparing financial information. Data are
uploaded to the application homogeneously for all the subsidiaries included in the perimeter of consolidation.
Moreover, since it is a group of companies with a highly centralised financial function, the key activities conducted in preparing the financial
information are performed by the same team of employees for all the Group companies, which ensures the consistency of the information.
In relation to ICFR, the person responsible for preparing this information contacts the departments involved to obtain the documentation
(financial and non-financial) necessary for proper compliance with the legal requirements in relation thereto.
F.5. Supervision of system performance
Describe at least the following:
F.5.1 The activities of the audit committee in overseeing ICFR as well as whether there is an internal
audit function that has among its mandates support of the committee and the task of
supervising the internal control system, including ICFR.
Additionally, describe the scope of ICFR assessment made during the year and the procedure
through which the person responsible prepares the assessment reports on its results, whether
the company has an action plan describing possible corrective measures, and whether its impact
on financial reporting is considered.
The Audit Committee met monthly to review the regular financial reporting sent to the National Securities Market Commission. It
supervised the process of preparing both the individual and consolidated quarterly and half-yearly financial information and the integrity
thereof. Specifically, the Committee reviewed, before it was sent, compliance with regulatory requirements, the accurate demarcation of
the perimeter of consolidation and the proper application of accounting criteria in the regular information, within the periods established by
law in this respect.
45 / 65