Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
– Joint ventures 80 80
– Entities in which the López-Belmonte Encina family holds an interest 331 350
2,336 2,070
(*) This caption includes the balances receivable from joint ventures for sales of services and those relating to loans granted
at their fair value.
32. Fees of account auditors and their group or related companies
The fees accrued by KPMG Auditores, S.L. and other companies belonging to the KPMG network for audit services and
other related-services (consisting of a limited-scope review of the interim financial statements as of 30 June, 2021, a review
of the internal control over financial reporting system, a review of compliance with the ratios for financing contracts, a
review of the declaration of packaging of one of the group companies and the issue of a report on procedures agreed
necessary to convert debt into capital in another group company) provided to Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and
its subsidiaries in 2021 were 245 thousand euros and 54 thousand euros, respectively (196 thousand euros and 45
thousand euros, respectively in 2020).
Additionally, the firm network to which KPMG Auditores, S.L. belongs provided services for the review of the Statement of
Non- Financial Information amounting to 32 thousand euros (18 thousand euros in 2020).
Audit work carried out by firms unrelated to the firm KPMG totalled 14 thousand euros.
33. Director remuneration
At 31 December, 2021, the members of the Board of Directors were as follows:
Mr Juan López-Belmonte Encina Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Mr Javier López-Belmonte Encina First Deputy Chairman
Mr Iván López-Belmonte Encina Second Deputy Chairman
Mr Marcos Peña Pinto Coordinating Director
Mr Fernando de Almansa Moreno-Barreda Director
Ms Fátima Báñez García Director
The non-director Secretary is Mr. Gabriel Núñez Fernández.
58