Free translation of the 2020 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2020 Management Report
confinement may, likewise, affect the division’s sales. The industrial shutdown that took place in China at the
beginning of the year and the current shutdown in Europe, combined with the evolution of African swine fever in
China, confirm the price increase in sodium heparin for this first part of the year.
2. A majority of ROVI’s innovative products are indicated for the treatment of chronic diseases and therefore,
consumption of these products should remain stable in the short term. However, the confinement measures,
which favour the habit of staying at home, combined with the fact that it is impossible for the sales force to
promote the products among health professionals, could provoke a slowdown in the sales of the pharmaceutical
specialities division if the isolation measures adopted in the health crisis were to be prolonged.
3. As we have mentioned previously, as of today’s date, production activities remain at normal capacity at all the
plants, although productivity has been impaired by the various preventive measures concerning sanitisation and
safety in relation to COVID-19. ROVI is very proud and satisfied with its employees’ response to this crisis.
However, the current situation and its potential impact is so unpredictable and volatile that the foregoing
assessment of the plants’ operations could be affected in the event of infections within their workforces.
4. R&D activities are continuing and, as of today’s date, ROVI is not aware that there will be any kind of delay in
the approval process for Doria® in Europe or registration of the medicine in the United States. Notwithstanding,
the company understands that the efforts of the European Medicines Agency are currently focused on COVID-
19 and does not rule out delays in the approval process for the medicine under the current circumstances.
Likewise, for registration of the medicine in the United States, the company depends on third-party assistance,
which means that ROVI cannot be certain that the registration application will not be filed later the date reported
previously (second half of 2020).
ROVI is continuing with its transformation process and the execution of its strategic plan. To date, the impact of the
health crisis has not changed the ROVI’s plans. Said strategic plan focuses on (i) the expansion of its enoxaparin
biosimilar, with which it aspires to become a benchmark player in the low-molecular-weight heparin sub-market, and (ii)
Doria® and Letrozol®, both of which are candidates that validate its extended-release drug delivery system, ISM®.
ROVI is also contributing to the provision of new solutions that help to improve the health situation of society overall and
has taken the necessary steps to donate a million surgical masks and a thousand special protection suits to the Ministry
of Health, Consumption and Social Welfare, taking account of the difficulties that the National Health System is having in
accessing individual protection equipment at the present time. With this contribution, ROVI wishes to assist in the
indispensable work carried out by the health professionals who are working nonstop to combat the COVID-19 pandemic
in Spain.
ROVI wishes a swift recovery to all those affected by coronavirus and sends special recognition to the health
professionals, the State security forces and all the other professionals who, in order to protect all of us, are on the
battlefront in the fight against the virus. Likewise, ROVI would like to thank all its employees for their commitment,
responsibility, involvement and determination, especially those who continue to travel to its work centres every day.
6