Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a
group of financial assets is impaired. In the case of equity securities classified as available for sale, a significant or
prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is considered an indicator that the securities are
impaired. If any such evidence exists for available-for-sale financial assets, the cumulative loss –measured as the
difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset
previously recognized in profit or loss– is removed from equity and recognized in profit and loss. Impairment losses on
equity instruments recognized in profit and loss are not reversed through profit and loss.
b) Derecogntion of financial assets
The Company applies the criteria of derecognizing financial assets to part of a financial asset or to part of group of
similar financial assets or to a financial asset or to a group of similar financial assets.
Financial assets are derecognized in the accounts when the rights to receive cash flows related to them have expired or
been transferred and the Company has substantially transferred the risks and rewards of ownership. Likewise, if the
Group retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the financial assets, these financial assets are
derecognized only when contractual obligations that determine payment of said flows to one or more recipients have
been assumed and the following requirements are met:
• Payment of the cash flows depends on their having been received previously;
• The Group cannot sell or pledge the financial asset; and
• The cash flows received on behalf of the final recipients are remitted without significant delay and the Company is
not able to reinvest the cash flows. An exception is made for investments in cash or cash equivalents made by the
Company during the settlement period, running from the date on which the cash flows are received and the
remiitance date agreed with the final recipients, provided that any interest accrued is attributed to the final recipients.
Derecognition of a financial asset in full implies the recognition of a gain or loss for the difference between its carrying
amount and the total consideration received, net of transaction costs, including any assets acquired or liabilities assumed
and any loss or gain deferred in other comprehensive income.
2.11. Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realizable
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.
2.12. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less.
17