ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
The most important risks, whether they be financial or of any other nature, are notified to the Audit Committee to be subsequently reported
to the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee is the body responsible for supervising the Risk Management and Control Policy, including
tax compliance risks, for risks that affect attainment of the corporate objectives. Furthermore, the Audit Committee has the task of
periodically supervising the internal control and risk management systems and the efficacy thereof, in order for the main risks to be
identified, managed and made known appropriately.
F.3. Control activities
Report on whether the company has at least the following, describing their main characteristics
F.3.1 Review and authorisation procedures for financial information published by the stock markets and
a description of the ICFR, indicating those responsible, as well as documentation describing the
flow of activity and controls (including those relating to the risk of fraud) of the various types of
transactions which may materially affect the financial statements, including financial closing
procedures and the specific review of judgements, estimates, valuations and relevant forecasts.
ROVI conducts regular reviews of the financial information it prepares based on different levels:
- At each reporting date, the departments involved in closing the accounts and the corporate accounting department review the
financial information prepared, carrying out the relevant checks to ensure the reliability of the records.
- Once the consolidation process is completed, the Financial Department conducts a review of the financial information, identifying any
possible deviations.
- If the financial information is to be made public in compliance with stock market regulations:
1. The Audit Committee reviews the financial information. Before reviewing it, the Committee is informed of at least:
o The correctness of the perimeter of consolidation.
o Judgements, criteria, valuations and estimates made that have a material impact on the related financial and non-financial statements.
o Changes in the significant criteria applied.
o Alternative Performance Measures (“APM”) taken into account.
o Significant internal control weaknesses.
o Where applicable, significant adjustments used by the statutory auditor or resulting from reviews conducted by internal audit and the
management’s position on these adjustments.
o Where applicable, requirements sent by the public supervisor of the financial information.
o Other relevant information.
2. The Board of Directors approves the financial information to be published.
The description of the ICFR system is reviewed by both the Financial Department and Internal Audit and the aforementioned
governing bodies as part of the regular information that ROVI sends to the markets.
ROVI has descriptions of the activity flows of the main processes that affect the financial information, including the procedure for
closing the accounts and preparing reports, which specifies the process of reviewing material judgements, estimates and projections.
For each one of these procedures, the most significant controls and the transactions that could have a material effect on the financial
statements have been identified. The documentation on each one of these processes is updated in cases where changes in the
legislation or the processes make it necessary. This documentation is composed of:
- Details of the structure/company to which it applies.
- Descriptions of the sub-processes associated to each process.
- Flow charts of the principal sub-processes.
- Details of the material risks to the financial information.
Description of controls (key and non-key) that mitigate the probability of occurrence of the risks identified for each one of them, details are given of: type of
control, level of automation, supporting evidence, and person or body responsible
43 / 65