Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
a) Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities longer than 12 months after the end of the
reporting period, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are classified as “trade and other
receivables” and “financial receivables”.
Deposits in financial institutions maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category as
current assets.
Receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when
there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the
receivables.
Impairment of loans and receivables
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, the probability that the debtor will become insolvent or require financial
reorganisation and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that a trade receivable is impaired.
Impairment of financial assets, including loans and receivables, is measured using the expected credit loss model.
The Group measures provisions for losses at a sum equivalent to the expected losses over the life of the asset.
Provisions for losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost, among which loans and receivables are included,
are presented separately as a reduction in the gross carrying amount of the assets.
In relation to trade receivables, risk exposures in each group are segmented on the basis of the customer type
(government or non-government) and the age of the debt.
- The balance receivable from public authority customers relates to receivables from government entities, regarding
which, based on their nature and the information currently available, ROVI considers the credit risk to be low and,
therefore, does not recognise any expected losses in relation thereto. The Group is entitled to claim late-payment
interest originating from delay in collecting these balances from government entities.
- The balance with non-government entities includes mainly wholesalers, toll manufacturing customers, other
pharmaceutical companies and private centres. The provision for impairment of balances with non-government
customers is measured in accordance with the age of the debt.
Additionally, the provision for impairment includes all those customer balances for which there are indications of
impairment, even if six months have not yet elapsed since their due date.
Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement as “other operating expenses”. When a receivable becomes
unrecoverable, it is written off against the amount of the impairment. Subsequent recovery of amounts previously written
off is recognised as a credit item in “other operating expenses”.
19