Free translation of the 2018 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2018 Management Report
10. Outlook for 2019
In 2019, ROVI expects a high single digit growth rate for the operating revenue. The Company forecasts that it will
continue to grow at a higher rate than Spanish pharmaceutical market expenditure in the first nine months of 2018,
which, according to the Ministry of Health, Consumption and Social Welfare, showed a growth rate of 3%.
ROVI expects its growth drivers to be Bemiparin, the latest license agreements (Neparvis®, Volutsa®, Orvatez® and
Ulunar®), the Enoxaparin biosimilar, its existing portfolio of specialty pharmaceuticals and new product distribution
licenses.
11. Risk management
11.1 Operating risks
The main risk factors to which the Company considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business objectives
are the following:
- Changes in the legislation regulating the market aimed to contain pharmaceutical expense (price control,
reference prices, support for generic products, co-payment, purchase platforms, …);
- Finalization of contractual relationships with customers representing a significant part of its sales or renewal in
less favourable conditions than the current ones;
- Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing
its products are supplied;
- Late payment on the part of the public authorities in the short term; and
- Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the size and complexity of the Company.
ROVI is permanently on the alert and is keeping any risks that may have an adverse effect on its business activities
under constant surveillance, applying the appropriate policies and mechanisms to manage them and constantly
developing contingency plans that can be used to mitigate or offset their impact. Among them, we highlight the fact that
the Company (i) continues, every year, to apply an internal saving policy that is principally based on improving the
efficiency of its internal and external operating processes; (ii) is working intensively to maintain a broad and diversified
portfolio of products and customers; (iii) is continuing with its target of constantly opening up new markets as a result of
its international expansion plan; and (iv) the Company exercises strict credit control and manages its cash effectively,
which ensures that sufficient working capital is generated and maintained to allow its day-to-day operations to be carried
out; and (v) The Company has an exhaustive tax risk control system, with external tax advisors who review the
preparation and filing of the different taxes as well as the Company’s decision-making on tax issues
8