Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
2.3.9 ROVI informs on the notification of particulate matter having been seen in certain drug product vials of the Moderna's
COVID-19 vaccine distributed in Japan
ROVI, as an entity participating in the manufacturing process of Moderna’s vaccine against COVID-19, and in relation to
the notification of particulate matter having been seen in certain drug product vials of the vaccine distributed in Japan,
announced (by publication of the relevant information number 11377 dated 26th of August of 2021) that it was conducting
an investigation on this event, following the standard procedure for these cases. The detection of this particulate matter
referred to certain vials of one product lot distributed exclusively in Japan. ROVI, as well as Moderna and Takeda, the
company distributing the referred vaccine in Japan, are working with health authorities in order to clarify and solve, if
applicable, this incident. The origin of this manufacturing incident may be in one of ROVI’s manufacturing lines. ROVI is
working in order to provide with all the information and assistance that may be needed to progress with the investigation.
As a precaution, this lot and two adjacent lots had been put on hold. To date, no safety or efficacy issues have been
identified in relation to the vaccine, as Moderna and Japanese authorities have reported.
2.3.10 Mr. Juan López-Belmonte Encina has been appointed as new Chairman of the Board of Directors of ROVI
ROVI announced (by publication of the inside information register No. 991 dated 16 July, 2021) that, subsequent to the
death of its chairman Mr Juan López-Belmonte López (communicated as stated in point 7.2 below), the Board of Directors
of ROVI had unanimously decided, acting on a proposal and report from the Appointments and Remuneration Committee,
to appoint the current Chief Executive Officer, Mr Juan López-Belmonte Encina, as the new chairman of ROVI’s Board of
Directors. He will combine this position with his current post as Chief Executive Officer.
The Board of Directors has expressed the profound gratitude and respect of the Company and all of its employees towards
the former Chairman, Mr. Juan López-Belmonte López. The Appointments and Remunerations Committee has considered
that according to the career of Mr. Juan López-Belmonte Encina it is clear that he has unquestionable knowledge to perform
the functions as Chairman of the Board, as well as a deep and extensive expertise in the Company, the Rovi Group and
the sector in which it develops its activity, making him the suitable candidate to occupy such position. As indicated, Mr.
Juan López-Belmonte Encina will continue to act also as a Chief Executive Officer. It was hereby stated that the Company
has already appointed a lead independent director, Mr. Marcos Peña Pinto, among its independent directors.
2.3.11 The President of the Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A., Mr. Juan López-Belmonte
López, passed away
ROVI announced (by publication of the relevant information number 10575 dated 13th of July of 2021) that the President
of the Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A., Mr. Juan López-Belmonte López, passed away.
The First Vice President of the Board, Mr. Javier López-Belmonte Encina, exercised the functions of the presidency until
the appointment of the new President in accordance with the provided succession plans and corporate procedures.
The Company will always be grateful for the commendable work carried out by its President and it will honour his example.
2.3.12 ROVI increases its fill-finish capacity for the COVID-19 Vaccine Moderna
ROVI announced (by publication of the inside information number 858 dated 29th of April of 2021) that it strengthened its
collaboration in the fill-finish of the COVID-19 Vaccine Moderna by increasing its fill-finish capacity. To this end, further
industrial investments will be made in the ROVI Group’s facility in Madrid (Spain).
These investments consist of the installation of two new production lines and equipment for compounding, filling, automatic
visual inspection, labelling and packaging that will provide additional fill-finish capacity for the COVID-19 Vaccine Moderna,
intended to supply markets outside the United States. These lines, located at ROVI’s facility in San Sebastián de los Reyes
(Madrid), will come into operation in the fourth quarter of 2021 and be fully operational in the first half of 2022 and will more
than double the number of vials for which there is fill-finish capacity at this facility.
11