Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
The key risks related to these issues linked to the
group’s activity, among them, when relevant and
proportionate, its trading relations, goods or services
that may have adverse effects in these areas, and how
the group manages said risks, explaining the
102-15 Key impacts, risks and
3.1.c procedures used to detect and assess them, in 35
opportunities.
accordance with the national, European or
international frameworks used as a reference for each
subject. Information on impacts observed should be
included, providing a breakdown thereof, in particular,
of the key short-, medium- and long-term risks.
3.2 Detailed information
102-16 Values, principles, standards,
and norms of behaviour.
102-17 Mechanisms for advice and
concerns about ethics.
410-1 Security personnel trained in
Application of due diligence procedures in respect of
human rights policies or procedures.
human rights; prevention of risks of violation of human
412-1 Operations that have been
rights and, where applicable, measures to mitigate,
3.2.1 subject to human rights reviews or 35-36
manage and provide reparation for any possible
impact assessments.
abuses committed.
412-2 Employee training on human
rights policies or procedures.
412-3 Significant investment
agreements and contracts that
include human rights clauses or that
underwent human rights screening.
419-1 Non-compliance with laws and
3.2.2 Reports of cases of violation of human rights regulations in the social and 36
economic area.
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and
corrective actions taken.
Promotion of and compliance with the provisions of the 407-1 Operations and suppliers in
fundamental conventions of the World Labour which the right to freedom of
Organisation related to respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining
association and the right to collective bargaining; the may be at risk.
3.2.3 36
elimination of discrimination in respect of employment 408-1 Operations and suppliers at
and occupation; the elimination of forced or significant risk for incidents of child
compulsory labour; and the effective abolition of child labour.
labour. 409-1 Operations and suppliers at
significant risk for incidents of forced
or compulsory labour.
4. Fight against corruption and bribery
4.1 General information
A description of the policies applied by the Group on
these issues, which will include the due diligence
procedures applied to identify, assess, prevent and 103-2 The management approach
4.1.a 37-38
attenuate material risks and impact and the verification and its components.
and control procedures, including the measures
adopted.
The results of these policies, including relevant key
non-financial results indicators that allow the 103-2 The management approach
monitoring and evaluation of the progress and favour and its components.
4.1.b comparability between companies and sectors, in 103-3 Evaluation of the management 38-39
accordance with the national, European or approach.
international frameworks used as a reference for each
subject.
55