LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
o Contract manufacturing of prefilled syringes and oral forms. Through three production plants, two of which
are used for injectables (one in Madrid and one in San Sebastián de Los Reyes), while the other is more
specialised in oral forms (Alcalá de Henares), ROVI provides manufacturing services to other companies for
a wide range of pharmaceutical forms, including prefilled syringes, vials, suppositories, tablets, hard
capsules and sachets.
o A sound, low-risk R&D policy. Currently, ROVI’s product portfolio in the research and development phase
focuses mainly on the development of new controlled-release systems based on ISM® technology, in order
to obtain new pharmaceutical products that allow drugs that require daily administration for chronic or
prolonged conditions to be administered only periodically, such as Risperidona ISM® and Letrozol ISM®. In
addition, in the Glycomics field, ROVI has recently developed an enoxaparin sodium biosimilar (currently the
leading low-molecular-weight heparin worldwide), which was first marketed in 2017 in Germany. Likewise,
the company continues to expand scientific knowledge of the use of its second-generation low-molecular-
weight heparin, Hibor® (bemiparin), in various clinical situations and special patient populations, through co-
operation agreements with several research centres.
ROVI has a series of competitive edges that have positioned it as one of the main leaders in its market niche in a sector
which, moreover, has high entry barriers:
o Unique knowledge of LMWH (low-molecular-weight heparins): As a result of ROVI’s more than 70 years’
experience, its main product, Beminparin, has positioned itself as one of the principal treatments for
venous thromboembolic disease worldwide.
o Infrastructure with operating advantages: ROVI is one of the main companies in the contract
manufacturing business in the sector and among the world leaders in prefilled syringe production.
o Diversified portfolio: the Company has a portfolio of more than 30 products (of its own and licensed) for
which there is growing demand and which are not affected by the reference pricing system in Spain.
o Low-risk innovation. ROVI operates with a low-risk strategy, concentrating on chronic diseases with broad
medical requirements.
o International expansion: ROVI continues with its strategic objective of expanding its international presence
and, in 2018, made great strides forward in this respect.
At 31 December, 2018, ROVI had a total of 1,224 employees and sales of 303,203 thousand euros in the period ended
at said date.
ROVI is listed on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Valencia y Madrid stock exchanges. In 2018, the Company carried out a capital
increase, after which the share capital consisted of 56,068,965 shares with a face value of 0.06 euros each. The quoted
price of the share at 31 December, 2018 was 17.45 euros.
2.2.- Geographical presence
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. has its current registered office in Madrid (C/ Julián Camarillo, 35). In addition to
these offices, in 2017, ROVI opened new offices in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid (Calle José Isbert 2), where the
management team and the marketing and sales area are located, as well as other central group services.
3