Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
Therefore, ROVI’s revenue from contract with customers is subject to variable consideration for rebates, refunds and
returns, which is only recorded for the amount that is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is
subsequently resolved.
(b) Sales of services
The Group’s sales of services (toll manufacturing) consists of revenues from manufacturing and packaging services
provided to third parties where control transfers to the toll manufacturing clients and the performance obligations are
mainly satisfied when the manufactured goods are made available. Invoices are usually payable between 30 and 120
days.
(c) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest method.
(d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
(e) Other revenue: granting of exclusive distribution licences
Occasionally the Group grants licenses to other pharmaceutical companies to sell its products on an exclusive basis in a
specific territory and also promises to manufacture the pharmaceutical product for the customer. For these agreements,
the Group collects a single down-payment for the transfer of the license, which is either non-refundable or may be
refundable under very strict terms if the product is finally not authorised for distribution in a specific territory. In these
contracts signed with third parties whereby Rovi grants the distribution licenses, the obligations arising from the granting
of these licenses are always linked to the obligation to supply and manufacture the product and no other entity can
manufacture this product. As the customer cannot benefit from the licence without the manufacturing service, the licence
and the manufacturing service cannot be separate and therefore the Group accounts for the licence and the
manufacturing service as a single performance obligation.
Additionally, in these types of contracts the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to
date, as the entity would be entitled to an amount that at least compensates the Group for its performance completed to
date in the event that the customer or another party terminates the contract for reasons other than the entity's failure to
perform as promised. Consequently, the Group recognises revenue over time and defers revenues from the granting of
product distribution licenses over the number of units produced.
2.21. Leases
When a Group company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to
profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
27