Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
b) Computer software
Computer software maintenance costs are recognised as expenses when incurred. Development expenses directly attributable
to designing and testing computer programmes that are identifiable and unique and may be controlled by the Group are
recognised as intangible assets when the following conditions are met:
– It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so that it can be available for use or sale;
– Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
– The Group has the capacity to use or sell the intangible asset;
– It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the future.
– There are proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or sell the
intangible asset; and
– It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the computer software include the costs of the employees developing
said programmes and an appropriate percentage of overheads.
Expenses that do not meet these criteria are recognised as expenses when incurred. Expenditure on an intangible asset initially
recognised in profit and loss will not subsequently be recognised in intangible assets.
Computer software has a useful life of from 4 to 10 years.
c) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred. Costs incurred in development projects (relating to the
design and testing of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when the following requirements are met:
– It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so that it can be available for use or sale;
– Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
– There is the capacity to sell or use the intangible asset;
– It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the future.
– There are proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or sell the
intangible asset; and
– It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
The Group considers that, in the case of the development of pharmaceutical products, the aforementioned requirements are met
when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new products developed under
patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing authorisation is filed.
The cost of assets generated internally by the Group is measured following the same principles as established for determining
the production cost of inventories. Production costs are capitalised by crediting the costs attributable to the asset to accounts
under the heading “Work performed by the Group on non-current assets” in the consolidated income statement (consolidated
statement of comprehensive income).
These assets have a useful life of 20 years, consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI expects to obtain
a positive return on the development during said period.
12