3
associated mainly with products under requirements of the financial reporting
development based on the ISM® platform. framework applicable to the Group.
Due to the significance of the balance and the
high degree of judgement associated with the
capitalisation and recoverability of these
intangible assets, we consider this to be a key
audit matter in our audit of the current year.
Recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets
See Notes 2.7, 4.1, 19 and 27 to the consolidated annual accounts
Key Audit Matter How the Matter was Addressed in Our Audit
The Group has deferred tax assets amounting
Our audit procedures included, among others,
to Euros 11,893 thousand, of which Euros
the following:
2,397 thousand and Euros 8,036 thousand
comprise tax loss carryforwards and tax
 Assessment of the design and
implementation of the controls associated
credits, respectively, with the remainder
with the process for recognising and
reflecting temporary differences that will be
estimating the recoverability of deferred tax
tax deductible in the coming years. In addition,
assets.
the Group has tax assets totalling Euros 6,941
thousand that have not been recognised as it
 Assessment of the reasonableness of the
criteria and the main assumptions used by
is not considered probable that future taxable
the Group to estimate the future taxable
profits will be available against which these
profits required to offset these assets.
assets may be offset.
 We contrasted the consistency of the profit
The recognition of deferred tax assets
and loss forecasts used as a basis for
requires a high degree of judgement by the recognising tax loss carryforwards and tax
Directors in assessing the probability and credits with the actual profit or loss obtained
sufficiency of the future taxable profit against and assessed the reasonableness of the time
which they can be offset, future reversals of period in which the Group expects to offset
existing taxable temporary differences and the these assets.
tax planning opportunities considered by the  Assessment of whether the disclosures
Group. included in the consolidated annual accounts
comply with the requirements of the financial
Due to the significance of the balance and the
reporting framework applicable to the Group.
uncertainty associated with the recovery of
the amounts recognised as deferred tax Group
assets, mainly in respect of tax credits and
unused tax loss carryforwards, this is
considered to be a key audit matter in our
audit of the current year.
Other Information: Consolidated Directors’ Report __________________________
Other information solely comprises the 2017 consolidated directors' report, the preparation of which
is the responsibility of the Parent's Directors and which does not form an integral part of the
consolidated annual accounts.