Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
filing of the different taxes as well as the Group’s decision-making on tax issues; y (viii) the Group intensifies its work to
mitigate the risk of cyberattacks by raising awareness among its staff and conducting cybersecurity reviews.
5.2.- Financial risks
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of the Group are
detailed below:
5.2.1.- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: this risk is low because (i) virtually all the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a
majority of the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant
amount in currencies other than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of
exchange-rate risk. At 31 December, 2020, the Group held instruments of this kind for a value of 13,500
thousand euros (26,500 thousand euros in 2019), the measurement of which led to recognition of a loss of 925
thousand euros at the 2020 reporting date (at the 2019 reporting date the loss was not significant).
b) Price risk: the Group is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and
classified as available for sale on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk
arising from investments in equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in
accordance with the limits set by the Group. The Group does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
c) Interest rate risk: the Group is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial debt
transactions at variable rates. Group policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt with
government entities by obtaining reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the case
of bank debt, to obtain cash flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the impact of
interest-rate risk to a minimum.
d) Raw material price risk: the Group is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied. To minimise this risk, the Group mantains
a diversified portfolio of suppliers and manages its stock levels efficiently.
5.2.2.- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and
financial institutions, receivables classified as equity securities and trade receivables.
The banks and financial institutions with which the Group works generally have independent ratings. If customers have
been independently rated, such ratings are used. If this is not the case, then the Group assesses the risk on the basis of
the customer’s financial position, historical experience and a series of other factors. In those cases in which there is no
doubt as to the customer’s financial solvency, the Group elects not to set credit limits.
16