Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
The Company considers that, in the case of the development of pharmceutical products, the aforementioned
requirements are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new
products developed under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing
authorization is filed.
When the carrying amount of an asset is higher than its recoverable amount, its value is immediately written down to the
recoverable amount.
In the event that the favourable circumstances of the project that have allowed the development expenses to be
capitalized were to change, the portion that had not yet been amortized would be taken to profit and loss in the reporting
period in which the change in circumstances took place.
b) Licences and trademarks
Product licences and trademarks are shown at historical cost. Those that have a finite useful life and are carried at cost
less accumulated amortization and recognized impairment losses. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line
method to allocate the cost of trademarks and licenses over their estimated useful lives, which are between 10 and 15
years. Amortizable assets are tested for impairment whenever any event or change in circumstances indicates that their
carrying amount may not be recoverable.
At 31 December, 2015, some assets in this category had indefinite useful lives. After the entry into force of Royal Decree
602/2016 of 2 December, which modified the General Chart of Accounts and other accounting rules, these assets
ceased to have indefinite useful lives and, on 1 January, 2016, began to be amortized over a 10-year period.
c) Computer software
Licences for computer software acquired from third parties are capitalized on the basis of the cost incurred in acquiring
them and preparing them to use the specific program. These costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives (from 4
to 10 years).
Expenses related to software maintenance are recognized as an expense when incurred.
3.2 Property, plant and equipment
Items included in property, plant and equipment are recognized at purchase price or production cost less accumulated
depreciation less recognized impairment losses, adjusted in accordance with Law 9/1983 of 13 July, promulgated by the
Administration. In addition, the Company applied the balance sheet restatement at 31 December, 1996, in accordance
with Royal Decree Law 7/1996 of 7 June.
The costs of expansion, modernization or improvement of items included in property, plant and equipment are included in
the asset as an increase in its value only when they represent an increase in its capacity, productivity or useful life and
provided it is possible to know or estimate the carrying amounts of the elements that have been derecognized in the
inventory because they have been replaced.
12