account for over 70% of all drugs, since they represent the fastest route of drug
administration.
In this context, the CDMO market was estimated at around 185,0005 million dollars in
2024, reflecting an increasing trend towards outsourcing the services of the fill and
finish of injectables, as pharmaceutical companies seek to optimise their resources and
focus on their core competencies.
In this environment, ROVI is positioned as a key player, taking advantage of its
experience and fill and finish capacities to capitalise on the growth of this market. Over
recent years, ROVI has invested in the vertical integration of its entire value chain, from
production of the active ingredient to the fill and finish of the medicine.
With its recent investments and the expansions currently in progress, ROVI expects to
substantially increase its high-value-added injectables capacity to ranges of between
625 million and 810 million prefilled syringes, between 140 million and 180 million vials
and between 85 million and 110 million cartridges by the end of 2026. With this capacity,
the company forecasts that its CDMO business sales will double by 2030, reaching
around 700 million euros, with an estimated capacity utilisation ratio of between 70%
and 75%.
Regarding the specialty pharmaceutical business, the Company expects annual growth
of a low-single-digit percentage between 2024 and 2030. The main growth driver in this
business is Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®), the first product based on ISM® technology,
which has been being marketed in Europe since 2022 and has also received marketing
authorisation for Canada, Taiwan and Australia. This product is a long-acting injectable
used to treat adult schizophrenia patients. According to the World Health Organisation,
schizophrenia is a disease that affects 24 million people worldwide and long-acting
injectables have become the benchmark for its treatment, since not only do they
reduce the frequency with which the medication needs to be administered, but also
favour treatment adherence.
ROVI expects that, given its differential characteristics, Risperidone ISM® will reach
potential sales of between 100 and 200 million euros globally over the next few years
and will become a significant player worldwide in the field of long-acting injectables to
treat schizophrenia.
About ROVI
ROVI is a pan-European pharmaceutical company specializing and engaging in the
research, development, contract manufacturing and marketing of small molecules and
biological specialties. The company, in a continuous international expansion process,
has subsidiaries in Portugal, Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, France and Poland
and has a diversified marketing portfolio of more than 40 products, among which its
flagship product, bemiparin, already present in more than 60 countries all over the
world, should be highlighted. Likewise, in 2017, ROVI commenced the marketing of its
enoxaparin biosimilar, developed in-house, in Europe and, it is already present in
approximately 60 countries. ROVI continues to develop the ISM® Platform technology, a
5 Precedence Research.
25