Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
4.2.- Environment
ROVI is aware that its day-to-day work has an inevitable impact on both the environment and workplace health and
safety in various ways, since each of its companies has a different context depending on whether it is engaged in
manufacturing or marketing and where it is located. Therefore, ROVI undertakes to minimize the effects of its activity
where and when possible, making all necessary means available to guarantee people’s health and safety.
One of the key tools to ensure correct management of environmental aspects is the introduction of an environmental
management system based on the criteria established by the international standard ISO 14001:2004. These
certifications recognize the quality of ROVI’s environmental management system and assure its commitment to the
environment in terms that go beyond current national legislation. Therefore, at all ROVI’s production facilities, production
management respectful of the environment is fostered, meaning a constant effort to reduce energy consumption and
manage waste more efficiently.
The ROVI Group has a department that is responsible exclusively for aspects related to environmental management, as
well as those concerning workplace health and safety throughout the Group.
The ROVI Group has an Integrated Environmental Management and Occupational Hazard Prevention Department which
governs ROVI’s activities in respect of environmental issues. Within the project of environmental management and
workplace health and safety, ROVI assumes not only compliance with current legal requirements and the different third-
party requirements that it meets voluntarily, but also the concept of sustainable development. ROVI’s vocation is to be a
business project that is sustainable in environmental terms and committed to the prevention of any damage to or
deterioration in people’s health.
Through defining environmental and workplace health and safety objectives and targets for its activities, ROVI
undertakes to improve day by day, maintaining a clear vision of a more sustainable future in which to continue its
development. The main targets that ROV has defined in environmental issues are:
- Attaining efficient energy management, rationalizing the use of natural resources.
- Promoting the best guidelines for risk and waste management, including the principles of risk prevention, waste
minimization and recycling in its activities whenever possible.
- Obtaining certifications of the environmental management systems. At present, the environmental management
systems of the group companies Frosst Ibérica S.A, Rovi Contract Manufacturing S.L. and Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi S.A. are certified under the Standard ISO14001:2007. In 2018 ROVI will certificate its
systems in the new version of this ISO: ISO14001.2015.
ROVI is committed to making a joint effort with its suppliers and contractors to minimize the impact of its activities on the
environment and the risks derived for safety and health both in the environment and for the Group’s workers.
ROVI has a corporate risk and opportunity management procedure, the objective of which is to define a work method
that allows environmental risks and opportunities to be identified, together with an action plan to address them and the
planning and review of the resulting actions, taking the context of the organization and the interested parties into
account. Environmental risk control is defined by the environmental management system itself and all the tools that form
part of it. Risks are controlled through procedures concerning the identification and assessment of environmental aspects
or the identification and assessment of legal requirements.
13