Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
c) Standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that have not yet been endorsed by the
European Union
At the date of signature of these consolidated annual accounts, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the
International Financial Standards Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) had published the standards, amendments and
interpretations described below which have not yet been endorsed by the European Union. ROVI considers that the following
could be applicable to the Group:
– IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”. The standard is intended to enhance the way in which
entities present their financial statements. The standard introduces new categories and subtotals in the income
statement that will make the information more comparable, it will include new requirements for the aggregation and
disaggregation of relevant information to ensure there is no concealment and it will introduce consistent performance
measures. The date of entry into force of this standard proposed by the IASB is 1 January 2027. ROVI will analyse the
potential effects of the standard.
– IFRS 19 “Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures”. This new standards imposes reduced requirements
when preparing the financial statements of subsidiaries without public accountability. The date of entry into force of this
standard proposed by the IASB is 1 January 2027. No significant effects on ROVI are expected.
– IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” and IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”. The amendments to these two
standards focus on, first, a post-implementation review of the impairment requirements in IFRS 9, finding the results to
be correct but seeing the need to open a new project in order to improve the credit risk disclosure requirements in IFRS
7 and, second, amending the two standards so that they can adapt to the characteristics of contracts to buy or sell
renewable energy. The date of entry into force of this standard proposed by the IASB is 1 January 2026. No significant
effects on ROVI are expected.
2.3 Consolidation principles
a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group holds control. The Group controls an entity when
it is exposed to or entitled to obtain variable yields from its involvement in the entity and is able to use its power over said entity
to influence these yields. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and de-
consolidated from the date that control ceases.
The Group uses the purchase method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for acquisition of a
subsidiary corresponds to the fair value of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred with the previous owners of the acquiree
and equity instruments issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability coming
from a contingent consideration agreement. Identifiable assets acquired and identifiable liabilities and contingencies assumed in
a business combination are measured initially at their acquisition-date fair value. For each business combination, the Group may
elect to recognise any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity at fair value or for the non-controlling entity’s proportional
part in the amounts recognised for the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.
If the business combination takes place in stages, the acquisition-date carrying amount of the acquirer’s previously-held interest
in the equity of the acquiree is remeasured at acquisition-date fair value. Any loss or gain arising from this remeasurement is
recognised in profit and loss.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent changes in
the fair value of the contingent consideration that are considered an asset or liability are recognised in accordance with IFRS 9
in profit and loss. Contingent considerations classified as equity are not remeasured and their subsequent settlement is
recognised in equity.
The financial statements of companies with a functional currency other than the euro are translated as follows:
– Asset and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate on the reporting date.
– Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate for the period if there have been no significant
changes in the exchange rate during the period.
– Translation differences resulting from applying the above criteria are recognised as exchange differences in equity.
9