Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
Other facilities, fittings and equipment and furniture – between 5 and 10 years
Other property, plant and equipment – between 4 and 5 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
period. Property, plant and equipment in progress includes elements under adaptation, construction or assembly.
Property, plant and equipment in progress is recognised at its acquisition cost and is not depreciated.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.9).
Gains and losses on disposals are measured by comparing proceeds with carrying amount and are recognised in profit
and loss.
Rights of use
For leases that meet the requirements of IFRS 16, the Group recognises an asset for the right of use of the underlying
asset, which it measures by taking the amount of the associated liability as a reference and adding the initial direct costs
incurred.
These assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of each one of them.
2.7 Intangible assets
a) Patents and industrial property. Trademarks and licences
Patents and industrial property and trademarks and licences bought from third parties are shown at historical cost. In
general, they have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. The amortisation of those
with finite useful lives is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of these assets over their useful
lives, which are estimated at between 10 and 15 years. Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever any
event or change in circumstances indicates that their carrying amount may not be recoverable.
There are trademarks and licences with indefinite useful lives, which are tested for impairment annually. An impairment
loss is recognised when the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable value. The recoverable value is the higher
of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. In order to assess impairment losses, assets are grouped
at the lowest level for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows that are largely independent (cash-generating
units). Previous impairment losses on non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed at each reporting date to
see whether they can be reversed.
Intangible assets in progress are shown at cost less impairment provision, if applicable.
b) Computer software
Computer software maintenance costs are recognised as expenses when incurred. Development expenses directly
attributable to designing and testing computer programmes that are identiable and unique and that may be controlled by
the Group are recognised as intangible assets when the following conditions are met:
• It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so it can be available for use or sale;
16