Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
Liquidity risk
There have been no significant changes in the non-discounted contractual cash outflows for financial liabilities in
comparison with the reporting date for the preceding annual period.
Fair value estimation
Measurement of financial instruments at market price is classified into:
– Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
– Level 2. Observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly observable (i.e. prices) or indirectly observable
(i.e. price-based), other than the quoted prices included in Level 1.
– Level 3. Inputs for the asset or liability not based on observable market data (i.e. non-observable inputs).
The fair value of reimbursable advances without a rate of interest or with a subsidised interest rate is determined by
applying the interest rate curve in force at the date of receipt of the advance to the reimbursements to be made and
adding the spread normally applied in loans to the Group. For financial reporting purposes, fair value is calculated at the
end of each reporting period by applying the interest rate curve in force at each year end to the payments outstanding
and adding the corresponding spread. For loans at variable rates of interest, fair value has been regarded as coinciding
with the amount for which they are recognised (Note 17). Measurement of reimbursable advances without an interest
rate at market prices is classified as Level 2.
The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities is approximately the same as their carrying amount:
– Trade and other receivables.
– Other current financial assets.
– Cash and cash equivalents (excluding bank overdrafts).
– Trade and other payables.
– Contract liabilities.
– Financial debt.
6. Segment reporting
The Group’s operating segments have been determined taking into account the information used by the Management
Committee for decision making. This information is divided in accordance with whether it is generated by manufacturing
activities or marketing activities, regardless of the geographical area where they take place. Therefore, segment
identification does not stem so much from the geographical distribution of the business but rather from a differentiation
between types of activity.
Thus, the segment called “manufacturing” obtains its revenue from contracts for rendering services that consist of
completing the production process of pharmaceutical products for external entities and the manufacture of products to be
subsequently marketed by group companies, while the “marketing” segment, which also includes the research and
development activities carried out by the Group, has the principal activity of the purchase and subsequent sale of
pharmaceutical products.
The segment called “Other” includes other service provision activities that are not significant for the Group.
11