LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Average number of non-employees in the workforce by gender
2024
Men 121.50
Women 186.67
Other 0.00
Not reported 0.00
Total 308.17
Note: Gender as specified by the non-employee workers themselves.
The figures relate to non-employees in the workforce who work at the centres in Spain and at the subsidiaries. ROVI considers
workers hired through a temporary employment company (ETT) to be non-employees in its own workforce.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-8: Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose information on the extent to which the working conditions of ROVI’s
employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and the extent to which its employees are represented in social
dialogue in the European Economic Space.
In the case of Spain, all Group workers are covered by the Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry, a national agreement
that has allowed a general improvement in the conditions of the Workers’ Statute. ROVI complies strictly with the regulations
and legislation in accordance with the Agreement. Workers at the European subsidiaries follow the collective agreements at
each geographical location, except in jurisdictions where general labour law is applicable by law, which affects locations where
the Group has a low number of employees.
Information on the Group’s collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue is set out below by country:
Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
2024 Collective bargaining coverage Social dialogue
Employees - Non-
Coverage rate Employees - EEA Employees - EEA
EEA
0-19%
20-39%
40-59%
60-79%
80-100% Spain Spain
In previous years, 100% of the employees in Spain were subject to a collective bargaining agreement.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-9: Diversity metrics
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide a clear picture of the diversity of the Company’s employees,
highlighting the distribution by gender and age.
112