LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
2. GENERAL INFORMATION
2.1.- Group’s business model (business environment and organisation)
The Company is the parent company of a leading pharmaceutical group (“ROVI” or the “Group”) company engaged in
the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of small molecules and biological specialties. It has three
principal pillars of growth:
o Pharmaceutical specialties: with a diversified portfolio of innovative products, both of its own and licensed,
protected by patents. The company has more than 30 products on its portfolio (including both its own and
licensed products) for which there is growing demand and which are not affected by the reference pricing
system in Spain, covering nine therapeutic areas. The most important products in terms of their contribution
to the Group’s EBITDA are:
- Hibor® (bemiparin). Low-molecular-weight heparin (fast-acting anticoagulant) used to prevent and
treat venous thromboembolic disease
- Enoxaparin biosimilar. This is the leading low-molecular-weight heparin worldwide and was first
marketed in 2017.
- Neparvis® (sacubitril/valsartan). This product is indicated in adult patients for treatment of
symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection (the proportion of blood leaving the heart)
fraction. The product is marketed under a licence from Novartis.
- Absorcol®, Vytorin® y Orvatez® (ezetimibe) / (ezetimibe and simvastatin) /(ezetimibe y
atorvastatin). Adjunctive therapy to diet in patients with hypercholesterolemia. It is distributed by
ROVI under a co-marketing agreement with MSD.
- Hirobriz® Breezhaler® y Ulunar® Breezhaler® (indacaterol maleate) / (indacaterol maleate and
glycopyrronium bromide). Long-acting bronchodilators indicated for the maintenance treatment of
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Diseases (COPD). These products are marketed by ROVI under
licence from Novartis.
- Volutsa® (solifenacin succinate and tamsulosin hydrochloride). Indicated for the treatment of
moderate to severe storage systems symptoms (urgency, increased micturition frequency) and
voiding symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men who are not
responding adequately to monotherapy treatment. This product is marketed by ROVI under
licence from Astellas Pharma.
- Medikinet® y Medicebrán® (methylphenidate hydrochloride with modified release)
((methylphenidate hydrochloride with immediate release). Prescription medicines that are
indicated for treatment of ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) in children and
adolescents. These products belong to the company Medice.
Additionally, ROVI is one of the market leaders in the marketing of contrast agents, hospital products for
imaging diagnosis. This area comprises a broad product portfolio, including those marketed under licence
from Bracco: Iomeron® and Iopamiro® (for computed tomography and intervention), Multihance® and
Prohance® (for magnetic resonance imaging), Sonovue® (for ultrasounds), and Bracco Injeenering:
EmpowerCTA+®, EmpowerMR® and CT Exprès (contrast injection systems and compatible disposable
material).
2