Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Additionally, through strategic alliances with international partners, at the end of 2020, through the LMWH Division, ROVI
was present in more than 75 countries, distributing its main product, Bemiparin, in 58 countries all over the world, while it
was pending registration in 14 countries. In addition, at 31 December, 2020, ROVI was marketing its enoxaparin biosimilar
in Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, France, Austria, Latvia, Estonia, Portugal, Poland, Costa Rica, Sweden, Finland,
South Africa, Israel, Peru, Holland, Panama and the Dominican Republic. Likewise, all the EU countries where ROVI had
applied for approval of the national registration of its enoxaparin biosimilar had approved registration. In total, ROVI had
signed marketing agreements for its enoxaparin biosimilar in 98 countries.
Furthermore, international sales account for around 90% of the contract manufacturing business, with exports to over 50
countries.
2.3. The organisation’s objectives and strategies
In a complicated environment which, nevertheless, offers new opportunities, over the last few years, ROVI has been getting
ready to take advantage of the circumstances with:
1. The marketing of an enoxaparin biosimilar, which began in September 2017 and with which ROVI aspires to
become one of the main European players in a market where enoxaparin sales total 1,300 million euros, due to
the competitive edge provided by the vertical integration of processes in the Group. Additionally, ROVI intends
to increase its presence in other markets with heavy growth potential through licensing agreements. Among
other measures to increase its capacity, in 2019, ROVI announced that construction of a second heparin plant
in Granada would begin.
2. The development of drugs to treat complaints with high application prospects. Currently, ROVI’s product portfolio
in the research and development phase focuses mainly on the development of new prolonged-release systems
based on ISM® technology, as mentioned above.
3. The development of operating synergies and the extension of the scope of the value-added manufacturing
services with present and potential customers. Prefilled syringes are expected to boost growth in the sterile
injectable medicines market by more than 10% by 2023.
4. Launching new products in the market. ROVI’s solid leadership in the Spanish market positions the Company
as a principal partner for the main international pharmaceutical companies in Spain.
5. The manufacturing agreement signed with Moderna, whereby ROVI provides filling and finishing capacity for
vials by acquiring a new production line and other equipment for compounding, filling, automatic visual
inspection and labelling to provide support to the production of hundreds of thousands of the candidate vaccine
outside the U.S.A.
International expansion is one of the strategic goals at both organisational and marketing level, mainly through the
distribution of the enoxaparin biosimilar.
Additionally, all the companies that form the ROVI Group are aware of the health improvements provided by their products
and wish to provide a response to certain social demands in relation to the impacts of their activities on society and the
environment. For this reason, ROVI’s economic development must be compatible with its conduct in respect of ethics,
society, employment, the environment and respect for human rights.
6