LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
extent to which its policies, actions and targets encompass the whole value chain and to include data on both its own
operations and the upstream and downstream value chain in the information on metrics.
Additionally, to comply in relation to disclosure of classified or sensitive information, as well as details of intellectual property,
know-how or the results of innovation, ROVI confirms that it ensures that transparency of its clinical trials and, therefore, has
not omitted any specific piece of information with regard to said trials. This decision reflects the Group’s commitment to the
transparency and comprehensiveness of all communications and operations, ensuring that all stakeholders have access to
material information on ROVI and its advances. Notwithstanding, the Group will not disclose information deemed sensitive
and/or confidential in relation to the R&D&I or artificial intelligence projects (Cells IA) on which it is working.
Lastly, ROVI’s situation does not justify the application of exemption from disclosure of impending developments or matters in
the course of negotiation, as provided for in articles 19a(3) and 29a(3) of Directive 2013/34/EU.
◦ Disclosure Requirement BP-2: Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances
In relation to the disclosure of specific information, when identifying the impacts risks and opportunities, ROVI has kept the
long-, medium- and short-term time horizons defined by the ESRS:
• Short term: < 1 year (current reporting period).
• Medium term: 1-5 years (as of end of current reporting period).
• Long term: > 5 years.
Additionally, ROVI will disclose all the standards that have been found to be material as a result of the double materiality
assessment and may not apply any of the exemptions mentioned in Appendix C of ESRS 1 since it had more than 750
employees in 2024. Furthermore, the Company will include the information derived from other European Union legislation in
this Report (see the list of datapoints included in cross-cutting and topical standards derived from other European Union
legislation in IRO-2).
Regarding incorporation by reference, information referenced to the Consolidated Annual Accounts that is related to the
following disclosure requirements has been included:
• ESRS 2 IRO-1 of E1 (datapoint AR 15) related to the financial effects of climate-related risks.
• E1-3 (datapoint DR 29c) related to European Union Taxonomy.
• S1-6 (datapoint DR 50f) related to the number of employees.
Regarding the disclosure of quantitative material, the Group has made estimates for the following requirements:
Value chain (upstream and downstream)
Metrics /
Topical Disclosure Basis for Level of accuracy at present and in the
Monetary Pages
Standard Requirement preparation future
amounts
Regarding the calculation methodology, the
level of accuracy is limited, although the data
E1 – 6: Gross Gross Scope 3
sources are reliable and the footprint is
ESRS E1 scopes 1, 2 GHG Following the
audited doubly by a third party.
Climate and 3 and Total emissions guidance of 75
change GHG (waste ISO 14064.
Through the Teimas platform, it is expected to
emissions transportation)
improve the system for recording waste and,
thus, the level of accuracy of the data will
increase.
2