Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
2. Summary of key accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated annual accounts are set out below. These
policies have been consistently applied to all the reporting periods presented in these consolidated annual accounts.
2.1 Bases of presentation
These consolidated annual accounts for 2024 (and those for 2023 presented for comparative purposes) have been prepared
under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the European Union
pursuant to the provisions of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 July 2002
and, likewise, in accordance with the format and markup requirements of Delegated Regulation EU 2019/815 of the European
Commission and Delegated Regulation EU 2022/352 of the European Commission, according to which all companies governed
by the Law of a Member State of the European Union whose shares are listed on a regulated market of any of the Member
States must present their consolidated annual accounts for the reporting periods starting on or after 1 January 2005 in
accordance with the IFRS endorsed by the European Union.
The consolidated annual accounts have been prepared, in general, under the historical cost convention, except for financial
derivatives.
The preparation of consolidated annual accounts in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The
areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the
consolidated annual accounts are disclosed in Note 4.
2.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations of existing ones
a) Standards, amendments and interpretation mandatory for all annual periods starting on or after 1 January 2024
In 2024, the following standards and amendments to existing standards were endorsed by the European Union and came into
force on 1 January 2024, They have either been applied by ROVI or may affect the Group in the future.
– IAS 1 (Amendment) “Presentation of Financial Statements”, the objective of which is to clarify the classification of
current and non-current liabilities. Specifically, it focuses on liabilities from loan arrangements subject to covenants and
regulates how they should be broken down in the financial statements.
– IFRS 16 (Amendment) “Leases”. The objective of this amendment is to specify how a seller-lessee should
subsequently measure revenue from contracts with customers in transactions that meet the requirements of IFRS 15 to
be accounted for as a sale.
– IAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” and IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”. The amendment of these two
standards states that information about reverse factoring (confirming) agreements that enables users of financial
statements to assess the effects of such agreements on the liabilities, cash flows and the Group’s exposure to liquidity
risk must be disclosed.
The entry into force of the rules mentioned above has not had a significant impact on ROVI.
b) Standards, amendments and interpretations that have not yet come into force but have been endorsed by the
European Union
At the date of signature of these consolidated annual accounts, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the
International Financial Standards Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) had published the standards, amendments and
interpretations described below, application of which is mandatory from 2025 onwards. ROVI considers the following could be
applicable to the Group, although they have not been adopted early:
– IAS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates”. With this amendment, the IASB seeks to provide greater
clarity when there is a long-term lack of exchangeability between two currencies. The IASB proposes that this rule
should come into effect on 1 January 2025. No significant impacts on ROVI are expected.
8