LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
In February 2022, Okedi® was approved by the EMA and, since then, ROVI has launched the product in a number of
European countries. In 2022, in Germany, United Kingdom and Spain and, in 2023, in Portugal, Italy, Austria, Greece and
Serbia. Additionally, in 2024, Okedi® was launched in Finland and approved for marketing in the USA (under the trademark
Risvan®), Canada and Australia, which opened up new growth opportunities in the field of prolonged-release long-acting
injectables to treat schizophrenia all over the world.
In November 2024, ROVI announced that Risperidone ISM® (Risvan®) would not be marketed in the United States,
subsequent to an assessment of the risks and opportunities associated to this launch. ROVI is, therefore, committed to the
European development of Okedi® and hopes to reach potential global sales of between 100 and 200 million euros with this
product in upcoming years.
ii. Licensed product division
The products marketed under licensing agreements that are most prominent in terms of their contribution to Group sales are
set out below:
Neparvis®
In 2016, ROVI began to market Neparvis® (sacubitril/valsartan) under a co-marketing system with Novartis. It is a product
indicated for the treatment of adult patients with symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (the
percentage of blood leaving the left ventricle of the heart).
Orvatez®
In 2015, ROVI began to market Orvatez® (ezetimibe/atorvastatin) under a co-marketing system with Organon. It is a product
that decreases the levels of c-LDL (“bad cholesterol”) and is indicated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patents
with coronary heart disease and a history of acute coronary syndrome. Orvatez® is also indicated for adult patients with
hypercholesterolemia as an adjunctive therapy to diet.
Volutsa®
In 2015, ROVI began to market Volutsa® (solifenacin succinate and tamsulosin hydrochloride) under a co-marketing system
with Astellas Pharma. It is a product indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe storage systems (urgency, increased
micturition frequency) and voiding systems associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men who are not
responding adequately to monotherapy treatment.
With regard to discontinued products, ROVI ceased to promote and distribute Xelevia® (sitagliptin) and Velmetia® (sitagliptin
and metformin) as of 31 January, 2024. Both these medicines are antidiabetic drugs from Merck Sharp and Dohme ("MSD").
II. Diagnostic imaging contrast agents and other hospital products
ROVI is a market leader in diagnostic imaging contrast agents and other hospital products (computed tomography, magnetic
resonance imaging, ultrasound scans, etc.).
The portfolio of this division includes licensed products from Bracco, such as Iomeron® and Iopamiro® (for computed
tomography and other interventions), Multihance® and Prohance® (for magnetic resonance imaging), and Sonovue® (for
ultrasounds). In addition, it carries products from ACIST, such as EmpowerCTA+®, EmpowerMR® yand CT Exprès (contrast
injection systems and compatible disposable material).
The range of hospital products is completed by Fibrilin®, a healthcare product for the care and maintenance of intravenous
catheters.
Additionally, ROVI reinforces this area with investment agreements, such as the agreement between Gineladius, a ROVI
Group subsidiary, with Cells IA Technologies, S.L. This pioneering company is engaged in the development of artificial
intelligence (IA)-assisted diagnostic solutions in the pathological anatomy field. This medical specialty, essential in the
diagnosis and staging of many diseases, is set to undergo significant transformation due to the new digital technologies. The
11