Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
ROIS is well-equipped to support the production of pre-filled syringes given its deep expertise in the current good
manufacturing practice (cGMP) production of sterile injectable products across both vials and pre-filled syringes.
Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ROVI, said: “We are delighted to be able to
support in the manufacture of medicine that is able to prolong the life of millions of people. Our proven experience in the
manufacture of high-valued-added injectables and the expansion of our production capacities have positioned us to help
meet the rapidly growing demand, which requires a high degree of technological capability.”
ROVI receives FDA approval for Risvan® as a treatment for schizophrenia
ROVI announced (in relevant information publication number 27772 of 2 April 2024) the marketing authorisation for
Risvan® (Risperidone ISM® in the United States for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
Risperidone ISM® is a prolonged-release injectable antipsychotic developed and patented by ROVI for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults, which, as of the first injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does
not require loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
This approval is based on the positive results of the pivotal PRISMA-3 study on the efficacy and safety of Risperidone
ISM® in schizophrenia patients(1) The results obtained in this study show that the two different doses (75 mg and 100 mg
once a month) have achieved the prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of patients with
moderate to severe symptoms of schizophrenia. The primary efficacy endpoint, the PANSS(2) total score (mean
difference, CI: 95%), improved significantly with Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85,
with adjusted differences of -13.0 (17.3 to -8-8; p <0.0001) and -13.3 (17.6 to -8.9; p<0.0001), respectively, in comparison
with the placebo. Significantly improved mean changes for the secondary endpoint, the CGI-S score(3), were also
obtained for Risperidone ISM® in comparison with the placebo, -0.7 (-1.0 to -0.5; p<0.0001), for both doses, from the
beginning until day 85. The significant statistical improvement for both efficacy results was observed as early as 8 days
after the first injection. The most frequently reported treatment-emergent adverse events were increased blood prolactin
(7.8%), headaches (7.3%), hyperprolactinemia (5%) and weight increase (4.8%). No important new or unexpected safety
information was reported. Likewise, patients who successfully completed the double-blind period were offered the
opportunity to continue in a long-term, open-label 12-month extension phase with once every four weeks injections of
Risperidone ISM® (75 mg or 100 mg). New, clinically stable patients ("de novo" patients) were also able to enter this
open phase of the study. Long-term treatment was observed to be effective, safe and well tolerated in adult patients with
schizophrenia, regardless the initial severity of the disease or whether they had been treated previously with Risperidone
ISM® during an acute exacerbation or switched from stable doses of oral risperidone.(4) Likewise, Risperidone ISM®
provided a swift and sustained improvement in functioning (both social and personal) and health-related quality of life.
These findings, together with a quick onset of effectiveness, could help strengthen the therapeutic alliance and possibly
lead to an earlier hospital discharge. Furthermore, the patient’s functioning either continued to improve or remained
stable with long-term treatment.(5)
"We are very excited about the FDA’s approval of Risvan® because we think our medicine will be able to contribute to
the clinical management of schizophrenia patients, helping to improve treatment adherence”, commented Juan López-
Belmonte Encina, ROVI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
ROVI, Insud Pharma e Innvierte (CDTI) create a company for the research and development of advanced therapies
ROVI reported (in relevant information publication number 27397 of 12 March 2024) on the the agreement that had been
concluded with Insud Pharma S.L. and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment company of Centro
para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI) to incorporate, jointly with these two entities, a limited company
(Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) engaged in the research and development of advanced therapies.
1 Correll, C.U., Litman, R.E., Filts, Y. et al. Efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in schizophrenic patients with an acute exacerbation. npj Schizophr 6, 37 (2020). https://
doi.org/10.1038/s41537-020-00127-y
2 Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale: the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale is a medical scale based on a semi-structured interview that rates the severity of the symptoms of
schizophrenia patients in three domains: positive symptoms, negative symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms.
3 Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale: la escala de Impresión Clínica Global–Gravedad rates the severity of schizophrenia through a question put to the doctor: “Considering your
total clinical experience with this particular population, how mentally ill is the patient at this time?”.
4 Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of oncemonthly Risperidone ISM® in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a 12-
month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2021 Nov 27;239:83-91
5 Litman R, Naber D, Anta L, Martínez J, Filts Y, Correll CU. Personal and Social Functioning and HealthRelated Quality of Life in Patients with Schizophrenia Treated with the Long-
Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Risperidone ISM. Neuropsychiatr Dis Treat. 2023 Jan 25;19:219-232
33