• EBITDA
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) is an indicator
that measures the group’s operating profit before interest, taxes, impairment,
depreciation and amortization have been deducted. Management uses it to assess the
results over time, allowing a comparison with other companies in the sector.
We calculate EBITDA as profit before: taxes, interest, depreciation and amortization.
• EBITDA margin or EBITDA as % of operating revenue
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the operating profit that ROVI obtains
from its operating revenue before interest, taxes, impairment, depreciation and
amortization are deducted.
We calculate EBITDA margin or EBITDA as % of operating revenue as the percentage
that the EBITDA represents in the revenue (operating revenue).
• EBITDA “Pre-R&D”
This APM is used by ROVI to show EBITDA from the on-going business.
We calculate EBITDA “Pre-R&D” as EBITDA excluding: R&D expenses and non-recurring
income and expenses.
• EBIT
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) is an indicator that measures the group’s
operating profit before interest and tax are deducted. Like EBITDA, Management uses it
to assess the results over time, allowing a comparison with other companies in the
sector.
We calculate EBIT as profit before: taxes and interest.
• EBIT margin or EBIT as % of operating revenue
This APM is a percentage indicator that measures the operating profit that ROVI obtains
from its operating revenue before interest and tax are deducted.
We calculate EBIT margin or EBIT as % of operating revenue as the percentage that the
EBIT represents in the revenue (operating revenue).
• EBIT “Pre-R&D”
This APM is used by ROVI to show EBIT from the on-going business.
We calculate EBIT “Pre-R&D” as operating profit for the period excluding: Research and
Development expenses (“R&D”) and non-recurring income and expenses.
• Net profit
Net profit is an indicator that measures the group´s profit for the period.
We calculate Net profit as EBIT plus finance costs-net and income tax.
38