Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
4.2.- Organisation of work
- Working day register
Royal Decree-Law 8/2019 of 8 March on Urgent Measures for Social Protection and the Fight against Job Insecurity in
the Workplace amended article 34.9 of the Workers’ Statute by requiring a working day register, which must include the
specific starting and finishing times of the working day of each worker. This article falls within the framework of the public
authorities’ intention, which ROVI shares, to ensure compliance with the limits on working hours, create a framework of
legal certainty, protect workers against abuse of their working time, avoid fraud in providing and paying social security
contributions on overtime and favour the work-life balance.
The working day register has never been the cause of any conflict in the organisation, since it was introduced decades
ago. Likewise, office workers and those holding positions of responsibility have always worked on a flexible basis in an
environment of mutual trust.
In this context, the Company has adapted the working hours system to the new requirement of the Royal Decree by
developing rules on time checks that are a continuation of the policy that has been implemented in the organisation for
decades, likewise including the specific features of certain jobs for which these checks are more complicated, putting
guidelines in place to ensure legal certainty and the rights of both the workers and the organisation.
- Organisation of working hours
ROVI carries on its economic activities in three different environments: the industrial production area, the sales area and
the industrial structure/offices area. The activity of each one of them has different dynamics, requiring different working
hours and ways of organising working time. In all of them, the Company foments criteria for organising working time and
time off to facilitate the best work-life balance possible, as well as enabling ROVI employees to exercise motherhood and
fatherhood responsibly.
The industrial environment, which includes the employees working at the pharmaceutical product production plants,
makes it necessary for employees who are engaged in manufacturing tasks or work directly related thereto to have
working hours that coincide with the times of activity of the production processes. This means that this group of people
works, in general, under a shift system. Since we are aware that shift work is more arduous, it is used when there is no
other possible alternative that is compatible with the viability of the activity and the demand for the product manufactured
and we strive to reduce the inconvenience of the shift dynamics as much as possible. The holiday period in the industrial
area is also subject to the volume of activity and must, in general, be arranged on fixed dates for the whole workforce. At
any event, we endeavour to ensure that it is always in summer and ROVI undertakes that at least half the holidays will be
enjoyed in the summer period. Additionally, the time off scheduled to adjust the work calendar of this group of employees
is fixed to coincide with school holidays, so that the employees can enjoy it with the rest of their families.
Employees in the sales area carry on their activity in daytime working hours, coinciding with those of the customers to
whom they market ROVI’s products. Given the nature of their activity, they have a high degree of independence in
planning their work, which allows them to reconcile their work with any needs that may arise in their family life.
In the industrial structure and office area, time is organised through flexible working hours. This allows employees to start
and end their working day with a margin of choice, depending on their needs or preferences.
18