Free translation of the 2018 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2018 Consolidated Management Report
2.3.3 ROVI has commenced the marketing of the Enoxaparin biosimilar in eight countries and has reached distribution
and marketing agreements with Hikma and Sandoz
ROVI informed (by publication of the relevant fact number 249265 dated 7th of March of 2017) that the decentralised
procedure used for the Company to submit, in 26 countries of the European Union, the marketing authorization
application of a low molecular weight heparin (Enoxaparin biosimilar) was completed with positive outcome.
In the mentioned decentralised procedure, Germany has acted as Reference Member State (RMS). The national phase
of the registration process, which is expected to be completed with the granting by the competent local authorities of the
marketing authorisation in each concerned country, was initiated in the first half 2017, and it continued during the rest of
the year and 2018.
In September 2017, ROVI informed by publication of a relevant fact (number 256121) about the commencement of
marketing of Enoxaparin biosimilar in Germany, the first European country where ROVI launches its biosimilar and one
of the top Enoxaparin countries in Europe (in terms of volume and value). In 2018, ROVI commenced the marketing of its
Enoxaparin biosimilar in UK, Italy, Spain and France, Austria, Latvia and Estonia.
As of 31st December 2018, all the European Union countries where ROVI had applied for the national registration of the
Enoxaparin biosimilar had approved such registration, except Greece and Luxembourg.
In April 2018, ROVI signed a licensing agreement with Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC, the quoted multinational
pharmaceutical group (LSE: HIK), for the exclusive distribution and marketing of its Enoxaparin biosimilar in 17 MENA1
(Middle East and North Africa) countries: Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Algeria, Egypt, Tunisia, Sudan, Syria,
Yemen, Iraq, Oman, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, Libya, Palestine and Lebanon.
Likewise, in June 2018 ROVI announced the signature of a licensing agreement with Sandoz, a division of Novartis AG
and a global leader in generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars, to distribute and market its enoxaparin biosimilar in 14
countries/regions (Australia, New Zealand, Philippines, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia, Canada, South
Africa, Brazil, Colombia, Argentina, Mexico and Central America). Under the terms of the agreement, Sandoz has the
exclusive rights for three of these countries, which are Hong Kong, Singapore and Vietnam.
In September 2018, ROVI announced it had signed an agreement with Biogaran SAS, the leading French
pharmaceutical company in biosimilar generic medicines and a subsidiary of Servier laboratories, for the semi-exclusive
marketing of its enoxaparin biosimilar in France.
Besides Europe, by December 2018, ROVI has distribution and marketing agreements for the Enoxaparin biosimilar in
64 countries.
ROVI will regularly update the milestones considered relevant in this process of marketing authorisation as the schedule
of the registration of the medicinal product progresses in each country.
1 The agreement does not include Morocco and Lebanon has a semi-exclusive agreement.
7