Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
Similar estimates are applied in Italy, France, United Kingdom and Portugal with their respective national health systems and the
Group accounts for the provisions applying similar criteria. Calculating the provision in these territories follows the same
principle and, therefore, the judgement likewise consists of estimating the sales subject to the different taxes, which are
calculated in accordance with the actual sales indicators of the present and preceding periods.
Additionally, the Group calculates and books a liability for discounts applied in Germany. It is a discount for sales volume agreed
by contract with private customers that are usually mutual or other insurance companies. This amount is calculated in
accordance with the conditions set out in the contract, based on the estimated sales with each customer in the period
considered. In this case, since payment is made after the accrual period, the Group makes an estimate based on the
outstanding amount and recognises it as a provision. In this case, the judgement focuses mainly on estimating the sales volume
during the period covered by the contract and is made in accordance with forecast sales based on historical records and
knowledge of the customers, to which the percentage discount determined in the conditions of the contract is applied.
In 2010, the government approved two packages of measures to reduce pharmaceutical spending. The first one focused on
generic products, which are those out of patent, for which it established an average reduction of 25% in the selling price to
laboratories. The second package addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. Since that time, a 7.5% discount has been
applied to the selling price to the public. The Group recognises the amounts relating to these measures as a decrease in sales.
From 2017 onwards, the Spanish government and the members of Farmaindustria, to which ROVI belongs, signed different
agreements whereby the members assumed a commitment to make certain contributions to the public health system. The
Group recognised the amounts accrued for these commitments as a reduction in sales. No additional agreement has been
signed since the last agreement ended in 2019.
3. Financial risk management
3.1 Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of the financial
markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the group Treasury Department following policies approved by the Board of Directors. Group
Treasury identifies, assesses and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Audit
Committee analyses policies for global risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as, interest rate risk,
liquidity risk and the investment of excess liquidity.
a) Market risk
(i) Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is low because (i) most of the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a large part of the
transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies other than
the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of exchange-rate risk. At 31 December 2024 and 2023,
the Group did not hold any instruments of this kind.
At 31 December 2024, there were assets of 6,500 pounds sterling, 718 thousand zlotys and 190 thousand Swiss francs on the
balance sheet (4,919 thousand pounds sterling, 1,208 thousand zlotys and 212 thousand Swiss francs at 31 December 2023). If
the exchange rate at the reporting date had been 10% higher, the value in euros of the assets denominated in pounds sterling,
zlotys and Swiss francs would have decreased by 746 thousand euros (561 thousand euros in 2023) and, if the exchange rate
had been 10% lower, their value would have increased by 912 thousand euros (685 thousand euros at 31 December 2023).
At 31 December 2024, there were liabilities of 6,137 thousand pounds sterling, 3,623 thousand zlotys and 18 thousand Swiss
francs on the balance sheet (4,929 thousand pounds sterling, 3,136 thousand zlotys and 26 thousand Swiss francs at 31
December 2023). If the exchange rate at the reporting date had been 10% higher or lower, these liabilities would have
decreased or increased by 751 and 919 thousand euros, respectively (584 and 714 thousand euros at 31 December 2023), with
the corresponding effect on profit and loss.
21