Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
27. Other significant information
a) First six months of 2025
Final Decision to award aid of 36.3 million euros for ROVI’s LAISOLID project subsidised by the CDTI
ROVI announces that, on 9 July 2025, the Technological Development and Innovation Centre (CDTI) published had
published the Final Decision on the call for aid applications from direct and associated participants in the Important
Project of Common European Interest (Med4cure)1, confirming the grant of aid of 36.3 million euros to ROVI for
development of the R&D project IPCEI – ROVI (hereinafter, LAISOLID). The project will be subsidised by the CDTI and
falls within the Recovery, Transformation and Resilience Plan financed under the European Union Recovery and
Resilience Facility within the scope of the IPCEI Med4Cure, the first Important Project of Common European Interest
focusing on health. This funding falls within the framework of the Strategic Project for Economic Recovery and
Transformation for Cutting-Edge Health (PERTE for Health).
As ROVI reported to the National Securities Market Commission (CMNV) as Other Relevant Information (No. 34607 of 8
May 2025), the total amount of the aid will be allocated to the LAISOLID project, the objective of which is to develop
sterile filling techniques for complex polymeric matrices able to contain cells and biological material in regenerative
medicine and house long-acting active ingredients whose structural characteristics must be preserved in order to ensure
appropriate functionality and release characteristics in the development of long-acting injectable (LAI) formulations
capable of releasing the active ingredient over several months. With these developments, the Company intends to
provide technological solutions that can be applied in tissue regeneration and in the development of pharmacological
treatments that enhance efficacy in therapies for serious pathologies like breast cancer.
The project submitted by ROVI likewise proposes a new approach to the development of medicines based on predictive
models that will accelerate the development of new pharmacological treatments with improved efficacy through the
development and validation of models that establish quantitative relationships between formulation parameters and their
clinical efficacy. These developments are particularly addressed to therapeutic areas in which effective treatments are
lacking, and it is essential to access and maintain adequate plasma levels to ensure clinical efficacy.
ROVI, as a participant associated to the IPCEI project Medi4Cure Health, will have the support of a number of
collaborations with European entities in the development of LAISOLID. The total budget for this R&D Project is
80,521,957 euros and ROVI will receive a grant of 36,341,035.65 euros from the Ministry of Science, Innovation and
Universities and the CDTI. This budget is in line with the forecast average annual R&D expense reported by ROVI at the
Capital Markets Day on 25 March 2025, which was between 40 and 60 million euros for the next 6 years (2025-2030).
In the third quarter of 2025, the Company plans to book the revenue relating to the expenses incurred from January 2023
to September 2025 and collect the entire amount awarded, once the administrative procedures required by the awarding
body have been completed.
Juan López-Belmonte, ROVI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said that, “With LAISOLID, we want to reinforce
our commitment to healthcare innovation. We are confident that these new long-acting formulations will provide
significant clinical improvements and help offer therapeutic solutions for the patients. This grant not only provides
important financial impetus but also reinforces our position as a leader in innovation in our sector. Backed by our
extensive experience in development new long-acting formulations, our work aims for this technology to allow a
significant improvement in both the clinical efficiency and tolerability of the treatments. This European financing will be a
key element in accelerating the evolution of our solutions and extending our scope through strategic collaborations with
other leading companies in the European healthcare area.”
ROVI provides an update on its strategy as part of its 2025 Capital Markets Day
ROVI informed the market (by publication of the inside information number 2667 dated 25th March 2025) on its strategy
for the next six years with a presentation at its 2025 Capital Markets Day.
1 https://www.cdti.es/sites/default/files/2025-07/ipcei_salud_2025_resolucion_definitiva_web.pdf
33