Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
2. Bases of presentation
a) True and fair view
The annual accounts have been prepared using the Company’s accounting records and are presented in accordance
with current mercantile legislation and the policies established in the “Plan General de Contabilidad” (“General Chart of
Accounts”), approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 and its amendments and interpretations issued after its entry into
force, to present fairly the equity, the financial position and the results of the Company, as well as the accuracy of the
cash flows included in the statement of cash flows.
b) Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of the annual accounts requires the Company to use certain estimates and judgements in relation to the
future that are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and
assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
within the next reporting period are outlined below.
b.1) Revenue recognition
The Company has recognised the total sales of goods marketed in 2018 and 2017 as revenue. The buyer has the right to
return the goods sold. Although the Company believes that, based on previous experience, the level of returns will not be
very meaningful, ROVI has recognised ordinary revenue for its sales together with the related provision against ordinary
revenue for estimated returns. If the estimate changes by 1%, changes in revenue will not be significant.
b.2) Capitalisation of development expenses
The Company considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, an enoxaparin biosimilar, has
met all the requirements since the last quarter of 2014, when the application to obtain marketing authorisation for this
biosimilar in Europe was filed with the European health authorities. Therefore, from that time until the effective
comercialisation in Europe of this biosimilar, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalised. The
commencement of the amortisation of this asset was determined by the completion, with a favourable result, of the
decentralised procedure used by the Company to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union
countries in the first quarter of 2017. These assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of
pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI considers that it will obtain a positive return on the aforementioned development
over said period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Company considers that the
requirements established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
8