LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Lastly, in terms of R&D&I, specific time-bound and outcome-oriented objectives will not be disclosed because of the sensitive
nature of said information. Notwithstanding, the projects in progress related to the ISM technology platform will continue to
advance.
d. Entity-specific information: Digitalisation and artificial intelligence
The objective of this chapter is to provide detailed information on how ROVI takes digitalisation and the use of artificial
intelligence (IA) into consideration in the course of its main activities: R&D and the manufacturing and marketing of
pharmaceutical and healthcare products.
◦ Governance
The objective of this section is to describe how the Group integrates good governance into its digitalisation and artificial
intelligence practices.
At ROVI, digitalisation and artificial intelligence are encompassed within the good corporate governance framework linked to its
objective to contribute to the continuing improvement of healthcare and the development of solutions that improve the health of
Group patients.
In the digitalisation area, the Company has internal rules and protocols for use of ICT (Information and Communication
Technology) resources, backed by a multidisciplinary work team composed of the Head of Information Technology (IT), the
Industrial Property Manager and the Compliance Manager. Likewise, the Digital Transformation area, the Industrial area and
Automation are responsible for the improvement or development of digital processes. Specifically, the Transformation area
detects, defines, designs and develops MVP (Minimum Viable Product)57 solutions focused on the digital experience of the
ROVI employee from the point of view of efficiency in time, procedure and traceability control and information security.
Likewise, regarding artificial intelligence, the Hospitals and Institutional Relations area has developed a digital healthcare project
that provides a framework for different initiatives within this new field into which the pharmaceutical industry is expanding.
◦ Strategy
The objective of this section is to provide an understanding of how ROVI’s strategy and business model integrate the interests,
views and rights of both the consumers and end-users and the other stakeholders.
At a strategic level, digitalisation and artificial intelligence are in a process of development and implementation that will change
in accordance with customer needs and the evolution of the sector.
ROVI has conducted a double materiality assessment, in which it analysed its context, examining its strategy and business
model to detect the aspects that could impact its relations with stakeholders. The process followed by the Group to determine
the material impacts, risks and opportunities related to digitalisation and artificial intelligence is set out under Disclosure
Requirement IRO-1 of ESRS 2, where the four phases of the double materiality assessment are described: understanding,
identification, assessment and determination.
As a result of said assessment, the opportunities58 found to be material in relation to digitalisation and artificial intelligence are
set out below:
57 A Minimum Viable Product (MVP) is a simplified version of a product with essential characteristics, designed to validate an idea, obtain user feed-back and
make improvements before full development.
58 It should be noted that no material impacts or risks were identified.
136