Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
7.3. Consumers
Given their nature, products intended to improve patient health, medicines and healthcare products, require the instructions
of a health professional for their administration or final use. The health professional determines the best therapeutic
approach for a specific patient. Thus, prescription medicines and healthcare products are those that reach patients on the
instructions of a doctor, using a prescription, irrespective of whether they are dispensed in a pharmacy or administered at
health centres. There is, furthermore, a third category: non-prescription pharmaceuticals (OTC), which do not need a
medical prescription but are obtained through pharmacies on the recommendation of the pharmacist.
Most of ROVI’s medicines and health products fall within the category of prescription products, which means they reach
the patients because they have been prescribed by a health professional. Therefore, ROVI’s “consumers” can be divided
into three broad groups:
• Customers, mainly wholesalers, who then distribute to pharmacies, but to whom service must be given.
• Professionals: doctors, nursing staff or pharmacists.
• Patients.
Data privacy
The ROVI Group is under the obligation to protect the personal information of customers, patients and professionals. This
commitment has materialised in the adoption of a number of measures and the implementation of different procedures
intended to ensure the integrity, confidentiality and availability of the data that are processed, as well as safeguarding
people’s rights and freedoms.
Within the framework of this process of adapting to the European regulations, ROVI, determined to comply with data
processing principles and the obligations under the new legislation, has appointed a Data Protection Officer, whose
functions include advising the Group on compliance with the new regulatory framework.
In relation to patient information, the ROVI Group has specific procedures that regulate personal data processing in both
the pharmacovigilance area and the area of clinical processes. The procedures in place range from how to comply with
information obligations, taking account of the recommendations of the Spanish Medicines Agency set out in the Guide for
correct preparation of a patient information sheet and informed consent form, to exercising the rights of data subjects and
the response thereto. Furthermore, the personal data processing procedure in pharmacovigilance includes the case where
the notifier of an adverse reaction to a medicine is a health professional or a person other than the patient, in order to
ensure the proper processing of the personal data of any data subject; and the data processing procedure for clinical
processes regulates not only the processing of the data of the patients participating in clinical trials, but the processing of
the data of all data subjects, including the trial personnel.
In relation to professionals, the ROVI Group has carried out an in-depth revision and updating of its privacy policies to
ensure fair, transparent and lawful processing of personal information in its inter-relations with them, in order to foster an
improvement in attention to patients, correctly establishing the lawful bases of the processes and the mechanisms
necessary to obtain the consent on which the data processing is based.
46