Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
7. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SOCIETY
7.1. Commitment to sustainable development
ROVI carries on its activity at different work centres located in Madrid, Alcalá de Henares, Pozuelo de Alarcón and San
Sebastián de los Reyes (Madrid Region) and in Granada (Andalusia). It also has an extensive sales network deployed
throughout Spanish territory and composed of more than 250 people and has subsidiaries in Germany, France, Italy,
Poland, Portugal and the United Kingdom. From these subsidiaries, ROVI contributes to local development by creating
and maintaining stable, high-quality employment, where 53% of its employees hold a university degree. In 2020, ROVI’s
growth continued along an upward path, as may be seen from the employee data shown in Section 4.1 Employment of
this report. Many of the new workers hired were for the production area, both to carry out the COVID-19 vaccine
manufacturing project for Moderna in order to supply the whole world except the United States, and to increase the
manufacturing capacity for low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), which are included as treatment for COVID-19 and
classified as essential medicines during the pandemic by both the Ministry of Health and the World Health Organisation
(WHO).
As a sample of ROVI’s commitment to transparency, the Group voluntarily submitted itself to an assessment by
Sustainalytics, a leading global company in rating corporate social responsibility. On the basis of analysing criteria such
as corporate governance, business ethics, product handling and access to the services, bribery and corruption, and human
capital, a classification of companies is established based on their ESG (Environment, Social and Governance) rating.
ROVI obtained a rating of 21.8 points, which places the Group in a medium-low risk position in respect of suffering material
financial impacts. This rating is the second highest from among the 360 international pharmaceutical companies assessed
by Sustainalytics and the 30th of the 750 sector companies that took part (biotechnology companies, healthcare equipment
companies and pharmaceutical laboratories).
Aware of the need to contribute, as a company, to the economic and social development of the areas where it is present,
ROVI carries out a large variety of activities locally, seeking the general goals of actively contributing to social progress,
promoting health, fomenting research, a commitment to training and environmental protection. Some of the actions taken
in 2020 are listed below:
Social protection and mainstreaming of people with disabilities
• Fundación Manantial, with which ROVI has an employment programme for people with mental illnesses. It began
in 2019 when the first people joined the Alcalá de Henares production plan and was extended to the Julián Camarillo
plant (Madrid) in 2020.
• Down Granada works helping young people in Granada with Down’s Syndrome to enter the labour market in local
companies and has co-operated with ROVI in training one of its young women to perform administrative tasks at
the plant in the Health Technology Park (Granada).
• Fundación Prodis, with which ROVI has an employment program for young people with intellectual disabilities at
the Pozuelo and Julián Camarillo offices (Madrid).
• ISS Facility Services (Gelim), which provides cleaning services at ROVI’s offices. With the outbreak of the
pandemic, ROVI intensified the usual cleaning services, including new daily routines with virucides at the work
centres (office workstations, changing rooms, common areas, etc).
40