LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Lastly, ROVI invests in R&D&I, which is the line of work devoted to the research, development and innovation of products,
principally focused on drug release technology.
The pharmaceutical specialty area may be classified into two large blocks or divisions:
I. Prescription products
i. Own product division
Low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWHs)
ROVI aspires to become a world leader in the LMWH field. To this end, it continues committed to the potential of this division
and is investing to become a vertically integrated company in all the phases of LMWH production, ranging from the
manufacture of the active ingredient to the aseptic filling of the syringes and final packaging, at the Group’s manufacturing
and packaging plants in Spain. In this respect, it has two products from its own research: bemiparin and the enoxaparin
biosimilar.
• Bemiparin
Bemiparina is a low-molecular-weight heparin indicated for the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolisim
(VTE). Notwithstanding, due to its differential pharmacological characteristics, bemiparin is considered a second-
generation LMWH, with a longer average life than other LMWHs, which means that it only need be administered every 24
hours. This leads it to have important clinical implications due to its possible significance in special populations, such as
oncological patients, patients with kidney failure, the elderly, etc., in whom greater complexity is associated to managing
VTE.
ROVI developed this molecule in the nineties and is the sales leader in Spain with with a market share of 31%. Its success
and international expansion, currently with presence in 64 countries due to its network of strategic partnerships, is, to a
large extent, due to its recognition as one of the principal therapeutic options worldwide for the treatment of venous
thrombosis.
• Enoxaparin biosimilar
The enoxaparin biosimilar, launched in 2017, is an anticoagulant that also forms part of the low-molecular-weight heparin
group. This medicine is used to treat and prevent venous thromboembolism.
Regarding the marketing strategy for the product, ROVI set up several subsidiaries in Europe (France, United Kingdom,
Germany, Italy and Poland), which, together with Spain and Portugal, cover 75% of the European enoxaparin market and
provide a highly usable pan-European infrastructure.
In relation to distribution, ROVI distributes the enoxaparin biosimilar directly through its subsidiaries or, in countries where
ROVI is not directly present, through local partners.
ROVI has launched its enoxaparin biosimilar in 41 countries and has signed distribution agreements for the product in over
90.
Okedi®
Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) is ROVI’s first innovative own product based on its leading-edge drug-delivery technology, ISM®
and is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults for whom tolerability and effectiveness have been established with
oral risperidone.
The objective of ISM® technology is to replace daily drug administration in patients who are undergoing long-term treatments
for certain chronic pathologies by a prolonged-release long-acting injection. This has an important competitive advantage over
its competitors, since it is the only prolonged-release long-acting injectable that has been proven to be a swift as the oral
medicine and to reach efficacy on day 8 with no oral supplements or loading doses.
10