Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
In relation to customers, since almost all of them are legal persons and, therefore, their data are excluded from the scope
of application of personal data protection legislation, the ROVI Group applies current legislation to ensure the security of
the data of its employees and other third parties whose data must be processed in order to implement the contractual
relationship and avoid any alteration, loss, or unauthorised processing or access to said data.
Health and safety measures for patients and professionals
Customers, including potential customers, health professionals and patients, are the basis of the business and, therefore,
ROVI assumes the following commitments:
a) To bet on innovative drugs as a growth engine for ROVI.
b) To place special importance on the protection of the health and safety of customers and patients throughout the
products’ life cycles through strict compliance with the applicable legislation.
c) To observe due confidentiality in processing their data.
d) To manage and solve their queries and complaints in the shortest period possible.
e) To monitor the customer’s experience through surveys that measure their satisfaction and other means and systems
that allow us to actively and permanently listen to the customer in all the processes and operations in which the
latter interacts with ROVI.
f) To have appropriate and efficient communication channels, using the most suitable means to do so.
g) To observe and comply with the rules that govern communication and marketing activities and accept the voluntary
codes that ensure the transparency and veracity of such actions.
Guaranteeing the quality, safety and efficacy of the products that the Group places in the market is the main goal of ROVI
and all the people who form part of it. In this respect, all the Group companies have procedures in place that define the
verifications performed in all phases of the processes, including product research and development, the receipt of raw
materials and packaging materials, production, storage and distribution, until the products are consumed by the customers.
The standards in place fully meet the Company’s internal requirements and also the external requirements imposed by the
regulatory bodies for the different products on ROVI’s portfolio.
In order to assess compliance with these procedures, internal audits are performed periodically at all the Group’s facilities.
Furthermore, there are annual management reviews, which analyse the main points where our organisations have room
for improvement.
In addition, the quality audits by external entities show the commitment to continuing improvement and maintaining high
quality standards.
47