Free translation of the Interim consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2024 Interim consolidated Management Report for the six-month period ended 30 June, 2024
– Changes in the supply conditions of the necessary manufacturing materials or the products that ROVI markets.
– Difficulty in attracting, motivating or retaining personnel.
– Actions by the competition that could have an adverse effect on ROVI.
– Risk derived from adapting to climate change requirements and regulations.
– Failure to comply with the regulations applicable to the industry and/or ROVI’s activities.
– Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the Group’s size and complexity.
ROVI monitors and remains permanently alert to any risks that may adversely affect its business activities, applying the
appropriate policies and measures to manage them and constantly developing contingency plans that can reduce or
offset their impact. Among these, special attention should be drawn to the fact that the Group (i) continues to improve its
processes and controls, including those related to the manufacturing processes and those arising from
internationalisation; (ii) is working intensively to maintain broad and diversified portfolios of both products and customers;
(iii) continues to pursue its goal of constantly opening up new markets as a result of its international expansion project;
(iv) is intensifying its efforts to mitigate the risk of cyberattack by raising awareness among its employees and conducting
cybersecurity reviews; (v) is continuing with the diversification of its suppliers of raw materials and other packaging
materials necessary to manufacture its products; (vi) continues striving to improve its personnel policies; (vii) has started
to quantify the risk derived from climate change; and (viii) continues to monitor regulatory compliance, including
compliance with the regulations applicable in the different geographical areas where it operates.
12.2 Financial risk
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of the Group are
detailed below:
– Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a. Foreign exchange risk: this risk is low because (i) virtually all the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a
majority of the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant
amount in currencies other than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of
exchange-rate risk.
b. Price risk: the Group is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and
classified as equity securities on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk arising
from investments in equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in accordance
with the limits set by the Group. The Group does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
c. Interest rate risk: the Group is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial debt
transactions at variable rates. Group policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt with
government entities by obtaining reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the case
of bank debt, to obtain cash flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the impact of
interest-rate risk to a minimum.
d. Raw material price risk: the Group is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied. To minimise this risk, the Group
maintains a diversified portfolio of suppliers and manages its stock levels efficiently.
– Credit risk
Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and
financial institutions, receivables classified as equity securities and trade receivables.
11