Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
Doria® (Risperidone ISM®) is a novel investigational antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia with once-monthly
injections which has been developed and patented by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI S.A. and which, as of the first
injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or
supplementation with oral risperidone.
The results obtained in this study show that both doses (75 mg and 100 mg once a month) have achieved the
prespecified primary and secondary efficacy endpoints for treatment of patients with acute exacerbation of
schizophrenia. The primary efficacy endpoint, the PANSS total score (mean difference, CI: 95%), improved significantly
with Risperidone ISM® 75 mg and 100 mg from the beginning until day 85, with adjusted differences of -13.0 (17.3 to -8-
8; p <0.0001) and -13.3 (-17.6 to -8.9; p<0.0001), respectively. Significantly improved mean changes for the secondary
endpoint, the CGI-S score, were also obtained for Risperidone ISM® in comparison with the placebo, -0.7 (-1.0 to -0.5;
p<0.0001), for both doses. The significant statistical improvement for both efficacy results was observed as early as 8
days after the first injection. The most frequently reported treatment-emergent adverse events were increased blood
prolactin (7.8%), headaches (7.3%), hyperprolactinemia (5%) and weight increase (4.8%). No important new or
unexpected safety information was reported.
According to the authors of the article, Risperidone ISM® represents an effective therapeutic strategy in schizophrenic
patients who are admitted to hospital with an acute episode with severe or moderate psychotic symptoms.
“We are very pleased with these results, since, not only do they prove that our ISM® technology works, but also
because we believe that Doria® will be able to help cover an unmet medical need”, said Dr. Ibón Gutierro, ROVI’s
Corporate R&D Manager. Likewise, Dr. Gutierro explained that “this study is proof that a schizophrenic patient with
moderate to severe psychotic symptoms can also be treated with a long-acting injectable antipsychotic like Doria®”.
On the basis of these positive results and the other data from the product, ROVI previously announced the
commencement of the centralised procedure for registration with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in January
2020. Likewise, at its Capital Markets Day held on 24 November, ROVI has just announced the filing of an NDA (New
Drug Application), i.e. a registration dossier to obtain marketing authorisation in the USA, with the FDA (Food and Drug
Administration).
2.3.2 Moderna and ROVI Announce Collaboration for Outside the United States Fill-Finish Manufacturing of Moderna’s
COVID-19 Vaccine Candidate
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information with register number 322 dated 9 July, 2020) of the collaboration
with Moderna, Inc. (Nasdaq: MRNA), a clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering messenger RNA (mRNA)
therapeutics and vaccines to create a new generation of transformative medicines, for large-scale, commercial fill-finish
manufacturing of Moderna’s mRNA COVID-19 vaccine candidate (mRNA-1273) at ROVI’s facility in Madrid, Spain.
As part of the agreement, ROVI will provide vial filling and packaging capacity by procuring a new production line and
equipment for compounding, filling, automatic visual inspection and labeling to support production of hundreds of millions
of doses of the vaccine candidate intended in principle to supply markets outside of the U.S. starting in early 2021. ROVI
will also hire additional staffing required to support manufacturing operations and production.
7