OUTLOOK
For 2024, ROVI expects its operating revenue to decrease by a mid-single-digit
percentage in comparison with 2023. Notwithstanding, there are certain factors that
have been considered when calculating this guidance that, although they could be
relevant to the estimates, are difficult to specify at present, including, among others:
1. First, the saturation of the National Health Systems due to the low vaccination
ratios during the 2023 COVID-19 campaign could favour a more successful
vaccination campaign in 2024. However, as of today’s date, the Company is not in
a position to forecast how demand and production might evolve for the
vaccination campaign in 2024.
2. Second, it is hoped that the expansion of the compounding, aseptic filling,
inspection, labelling and packaging capacities at ROVI’s facilities in Madrid and the
current high demand for CDMO services in the market might favour obtaining new
business, with the resulting sales impact. This would have to be taken into
consideration but cannot be estimated at present.
3. Finally, subsequent to the granting of marketing authorisation for Risvan® by the
United States FDA in March 2024, it is expected to start marketing the product on
the United States market through a partner. The potential sales of this product in
2024 will depend on the terms of the agreement that ROVI establishes with its
potential partner, which could also affect the estimates for 2024.
R&D UPDATE
ISM® technology platform
Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) is the first ROVI product based in its leading-edge drug
delivery technology, ISM®. It is a novel investigational antipsychotic for the treatment of
schizophrenia with once-monthly (every 28 days) injections which has been developed
and patented by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI S.A. and which, as of the first
injection, provides immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require
loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
On 15 February 2022, the European Commission authorised the marketing of Okedi®
(Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults for whom tolerability
and effectiveness has been established with oral risperidone, and it was launched in
2022 in Germany, UK and Spain and in 2023 in Portugal, Italy, Austria, Greece and Serbia.
On 21 March 2024, ROVI received authorisation from Health Canada for the marketing of
Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults throughout
Canada. ROVI has likewise obtained approval in Australia.
On 29 March 2024, ROVI reported that the United States Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) had authorised the marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) for the treatment of
schizophrenia in adults. Additionally, following normal practice, the FDA has required
that, as a post-marketing commitment, a pharmacokinetic study be conducted to
24