Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
4.4. Labour relations
ROVI is convinced that labour relations with the workers’ representatives must be based on an environment that allows for
a constructive and trusting relationship. To do this, it bases its labour relations on transparency, strict compliance with the
law and constant respect for and dialogue with its social partners, the workers’ representatives.
Dialogue with the workers takes place with smooth communication using all the resources available, especially meetings,
both regular, in accordance with a scheduled calendar, and specific, at the request of either the company or the workers’
representatives. This allows the status of agreements to be monitored and any incidents arising from the company’s day-
to-day activity to be solved swiftly.
In 2020, labour relations ran as normal without any conflictive incidents. During the year, numerous meeting were held for
negotiations or information and consultation on a number of matters, such as the preventive measures applied by ROVI in
relation to the pandemic, the extension of working hours in critical areas of the manufacturing process for the same reason,
the application of the antigen test to employees in the industrial area, the work calendar or the application of measures in
the work shifts aimed to improve the shift cycles.
It is very important to the organisation that its employees are kept informed of all aspects that are important to ROVI.
Therefore, the Group informs its employees of matters of general interest, company milestones, agreements or
organisational changes through the channels available. The resources used try to make the best use of the latest
technological advances available to reach the entire workforce, both the people who have access to office IT in the course
of their work and those who do not. Thus, communication takes place through the internal television channel, notice boards,
e-mail or the mobile phone application (Rovi Rocks).
This application, for internal use by ROVI employees, allows them to keep updated on new developments in the Company,
in addition to including some very useful information, such as an employee directory with their contact phone numbers, the
confidential consultation channel Canal Ético, or the section Ideas ROVI, through which employees may submit
improvement proposals for the Group.
Additionally, the application allows the employee to enter an area of discounts and groups that are exclusive to ROVI
employees and also includes a virtual library section (called Roviteca), where they can access a catalogue of more than
2,000 titles of all kinds: novels, educational, magazines, children’s books, classics, etc.
This application has been especially useful to swiftly communicate the measures applied by the health authorities and the
company during the pandemic caused by COVID-19.
We should highlight the fact that all ROVI’s employees in Spain work under the employment conditions regulated in the
Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry. The employees of the subsidiaries in the rest of Europe also work under
the relevant collective agreements, except in those cases where local legislation states that general labour law is applicable
because the subsidiary has very few employees.
An important aspect of the Group’s works councils is that they are highly representative and participate in the Safety and
Occupational Health Committees. On these committees, on a regular basis, the Group’s actions in these areas are
consulted, debated and proposed, as well as any incidents that have arisen and proposals for corrective measures.
30