LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
4. ESRS E3. Water and marine resources
The objective of this chapter is to provide an understanding of how ROVI affects water resources,32 taking account of material
actual or potential, positive or negative impacts.
Additionally, the actions taken to prevent negative impacts and protect water resources, as well as those to manage the risks
and opportunities, are described, together with their results.
a. Impact, risk and opportunity management
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to
identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities related to water and
marine resources
In relation to the process followed by ROVI to identify the material impacts, risks and opportunities related to water resources,
see Disclosure Requirement IRO-1 in ESRS 2, which describes the four phases of the double materiality assessment:
understanding, identification, assessment and determination. Likewise, ROVI has no impact on adjacent communities either in
its own operations or in any part of its value chain (see explanation under Disclosure Requirement IRO-2) and, therefore, it has
not been necessary to consult such communities. In addition, it should be emphasised that neither the the Group’s activity nor
the activities of its value chain has any impact on the oceans or marine resources (see explanation under Disclosure
Requirement IRO-2).
As a result of the double materiality analysis conducted, the impact and risks33 that have been found to be material in relation to
water resources are set out below:
Value chain Sub- Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Description IRO
level (sub-)topic Opportunity potential horizon
Own Water Monthly control procedures for deviations in water Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations consumption consumption, establishing specific consumption targets. impact
Water consumption by ROVI for its industrial activity, since
Own Water Negative
it could affect the local water supply and increase water Actual < 1 year
operations consumption impact
stress.
Own Water Dependence on water for medicine manufacturing being Negative
Actual < 1 year
operations consumption more critical in centres in high water-stress areas. impact
Heavy water consumption by suppliers, other
Across the Water Negative
pharmaceutical laboratories and other participants in the Actual < 1 year
value chain consumption impact
value chain.
Own Water Positive
ROVI’s sustainable water management. Actual < 1 year
operations discharges impact
Own Water The dependence on water resources in areas with high
Risk Potential < 1 year
operations consumption water stress could affect the daily production capacity.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E3-1: Policies related to water and marine resources
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the Group’s water resource-related policies.
At present, ROVI does not have a corporate water resource-related policy that specifically considers questions such as the use
and sourcing of water resources in its own operations, water treatment as a step towards more sustainable sourcing of water or
the prevention and abatement of the water pollution resulting from its activity, although these are implicit in ROVI’s sustainable
and efficient resource management.
32 Neither the activities of the Group nor those of the value chain participants are related to marine resource-related practices and, therefore, ROVI need not
disclose information related to marine resources since this aspect is not related to the Company’s activity.
33 No material opportunities were identified.
83