LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Value chain Entity- Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Description IRO
level specific topic Opportunity Potential horizon
Digitalisation Use of AI to discover and develop drugs, improve research
Own
and artificial processes, reposition medicines and reduce studies Opportunity Potential > 5 years
operations
intelligence (animals) and clinical trials (humans).
Digitalisation
Own In pharmacology, AI optimises clinical trials, improves
and artificial Opportunity Potential > 5 years
operations diagnoses and provide more personalised treatments.
intelligence
Digitalisation Innovative measures (Pharma 4.0 measures) integrate
Own
and artificial industrial production with information and communication Opportunity Potential 1-5 years
operations
intelligence and create self-governed production processes.
◦ Management of impacts, risks and opportunities
Policies related to digitalisation and artificial intelligence
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the Group’s policies related to digitalisation and
artificial intelligence.
In this context, ROVI has a Policy on Use of ICT Resources, which sets out the rules of use and procedures that must be
applied in the use of information technology and communication resources. The objective is to establish the obligations of the
users in relation to security and the use of ICT resources, taking account of the Personal Data Protection regulations,
cybersecurity, article 20 of the Workers’ Statute on information systems, and the control obligations established in article 31 bis
of the Spanish Criminal Code.
The scope of application of the policy covers all persons who work or collaborate with the Company and are ICT resource-users
simply because they use them. It is also applicable to any person who processes personal data using the information systems.
This policy, which was approved by the chairman of ROVI, has an annex that Group workers must sign to confirm that they
accept it.
Actions and resources related to digitalisation and artificial intelligence
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of actions related to the use of digitalisation and
artificial intelligence and ROVI’s approach to the related material opportunities. Additionally, it should be noted that the
consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and Equipment” and Note 7 “Intangible Assets”
of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in Note 25 “Other Operating Expenses”
Information systems area
ROVI integrates digitalisation through its IT operations. First, the Group is focusing on reducing the user of paper through
comprehensive document management system. This system, which has been implemented at several complexes, seeks to
digitalise all procedure-related documents, records and forms, improving the efficiency of the review processes. The new
RoviQMS tool surpasses its predecessor because it also manages document copies, marking a significant step in the digital
transformation of ROVI’s industrial processes. The associated investment totalled €269,000. In 2025, the functionalities of
quality event management (change management incidents, CAPAs. etc.) were added.
In addition, the digitalisation initiative extends to the Electronic Batch Record (EBR) system. This system replaces the
extensive paper documentation associated to each production batch by electronic records, capturing critical data such as
temperatures and pressures. In addition to digitalising the dossier and record books, the EBR system automates processes by
integrating with the Company’s ERP, downloading the manufacturing orders and notifying the consumption of materials
automatically, thus allowing the batch to be checked by exception, ending with the release of batches by the Quality
Department in accordance with the regulatory requirements. The Escúzar complex has implemented this system successfully
for two products, while, at the same time, development is progressing at the Granada complex and active work is taking place
137