LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Value chain Sub- (sub-) Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Description IROs
level topic Opportunity Potential horizon
Access to
Own A competitor getting in first in the research and registration
products and Risk Potential < 1 year
operations of products in ROVI’s R&D projects.
services
Access to
Own A competitor getting in first in the research of products in
products and Risk Potential 1-5 years
operations ROVI’s R&D projects.
services
Access to
Own Actions of the competition in approving medicines that
products and Risk Potential 1-5 years
operations replace ROVI products.
services
Access to
Loss of traceability due to parallel imports of ROVI
Downstream products and Risk Potential < 1 year
products released in other markets.
services
Access to
Possible introduction of austerity measures to reduce
Downstream products and Risk Potential 1-5 years
pharmaceutical spending by the authorities.
services
Access to
To research and analyse the priority health needs and
Downstream products and Opportunity Potential 1-5 years
diseases in different countries.
services
All these impacts, risks and opportunities derive from ROVI’s business model and its commitment to people, including the
consumers and end-users of the Group’s products. In this respect, in order to continue to work for the well-being of its
stakeholders, ROVI will integrate matters such as personal safety, social inclusion or information on consumers and end-users
into its strategy when the ESG Master Plan expires in 2025, although they are, in fact, intrinsic aspects of the Group’s mission
and vision.
Regarding positive material impacts, they result from the different activities carried on by the Company in all the geographical
areas where it operates and have an equal impact on all the consumers and end-users of ROVI products. These activities
include compliance with the commitments to the relevant codes of conduct and policies, effective communication with
consumers, the guarantee of safety at all stages of the products through the Quality and Pharmacovigilance procedures and the
execution of development projects to continue to provide patients with solutions, among others.
Among the negative impacts identified as material, the potential impact resulting from a possible lack of information on clinical
trials and the use of ROVI products stands out, since it could jeopardise patient safety and trigger adverse incidents.
Furthermore, parallel imports51 jeopardise consumer complaints about adverse effects due to the lack of traceability and access
to accurate information.
Regarding the types of consumers and end-users who may be materially affected on a generalised basis52 by both the positive
and negative impacts mentioned above, a distinction may be made between the following:
– Healthcare professionals: doctors, nursing staff or pharmacists responsible for prescribing and/or administering the
Group’s products.
– Patients: they are the end consumers of the products manufactured by ROVI and are one of the main groups.
No ROVI product is intrinsically harmful to people or has an adverse effect on the fundamental rights of the consumers and end-
users. Additionally, the Group identifies children and persons with disabilities as consumers who are especially vulnerable to
impacts on their health or marketing and sales strategies.
Regarding consumers and end-users who depend on accurate and accessible information in the leaflets and information of the
ROVI products, they include both patients and healthcare professionals. In this respect, the packaging process is carried out
strictly in accordance with the applicable legislation. The Registrations Department conducts a meticulous review of the
packaging material of the products, including the labelling, pack, leaflet and technical data sheet. Subsequently, the Medicines
Agency validates this documentation before the product is launched on the market.
51 Situation in which a third party acquires a ROVI product in a market in order to market it in a different country or region.
52 It has been determined that all the negative impacts are generalised, since they could affect an extensive group of consumers and/or end-users and are not
limited to specific individual cases.
128