Free translation of the 2019 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2019 Consolidated Management Report
2.4.- Research and development
ISM® technology platform
As the company has recently informed (by publication of the material event number 286374 dated 31st of January of
2020), a very important milestone has already been achieved with its long-acting injectable (LAI) antipsychotic Doria®
(Risperidone ISM®). After the conclusion of the validation phase, the European health authorities have commenced the
assessment process to grant marketing authorisation for this first product based in its leading-edge drug delivery
technology, ISM®. In March 2019, the company announced topline results from the pivotal study of Risperidone ISM®
“PRISMA-3”7, which showed that primary and key secondary efficacy endpoints were achieved with both doses tested for
the treatment of patients with acute exacerbation of schizophrenia. Besides, in July 2019, the company announced the
completion of the Clinical Trial Program that will support the application for marketing authorization for Doria® for the
treatment of schizophrenia. In addition, an open-label extension of the PRISMA-3 study8 has already finished, which will
provide clinical data on the long-term use of Risperidone ISM® (12 additional months).
Furthermore, ROVI informed of the decision to expand its industrial capabilities for the manufacture of Doria® with the
incorporation of a second line for the manufacture of the syringe containing the solvent. The addition of this second line
also provides the company with the necessary flexibility to the company to initiate the preparation of the industrial filling
processes of Letrozole ISM®, which will require the installation of a specific filling machine. As a result, ROVI has
prioritized the submission of the Doria® dossier in Europe (already done) and subsequently, filing in the USA, targeting
the second half of 2020.
On the other hand, the company already announced the commencement of the clinical development of Letrozole ISM®,
which represents the second candidate using the ROVI’s ISM® technology platform. This new investigational medicine is,
to our best knowledge, the first long-acting injectable aromatase inhibitor intended for the treatment of hormone-
dependent breast cancer. The first phase I clinical trial (the LISA-1 study9) of Letrozole ISM® is currently ongoing and
due to the study design (“dose escalation”) and its exploratory nature, the finalisation date cannot be anticipated.
Nevertheless, preliminary data confirm that this ISM® formulation provides a prolonged release of letrozole which
produces a sustained suppression of oestrogenic hormones. The company will be gathering more clinical data from this
trial during the following months to better characterise the pharmacological profile of Letrozole ISM®; afterwards, in 2020,
ROVI is planning to discuss with regulatory authorities these results as well as the next steps for continuing the clinical
development of this novel long-acting injectable aromatase inhibitor.
Lastly, ROVI’s R&D team has recently started development of a new formulation of Risperidone ISM® for a 3-monthly
injection, which would complement the current formulation of Doria® for the maintenance treatment of patients with
clinically stable schizophrenia. This development is still in an initial phase.
7 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Risperidone In Situ Microparticles® (ISM®) in Patients With Acute Schizophrenia
(PRISMA-3). Clinicaltrials.gov#NCT03160521 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT03160521]. This clinical program has had the support
of the Industrial Technological Development Centre (“CDTI”).
8 Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Risperidone ISM® in Patients With Acute Schizophrenia: Open Label Extension
(PRISMA-3_OLE). Clinicaltrials.gov# NCT03870880 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03870880]. This clinical program has had the
support of the Industrial Technological Development Centre (“CDTI”).
9 Evaluation of IM Letrozole ISM® Pharmacokinetics, Safety, and Tolerability in Healthy Post-menopausal Women (LISA-1).
Clinicaltrials.gov#NCT03401320 [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03401320]. This clinical program has had the support of the
Industrial Technological Development Centre (“CDTI”).
10