Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
ROVI’s financial information contains figures and measures prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting
legislation, as well as another series of measures prepared in accordance with established reporting standards, which
are known as Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
These APMs are considered adjusted figures in comparison with those that are reported under International Financial
Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU), which is the reporting framework applicable to the
consolidated financial statements of the ROVI Group and, therefore, the reader should consider them to supplement the
latter, but not replace them.
The APMs are important for the users of the financial information because they are the measures used by ROVI
Management to evaluate the financial performance, the cash flows or the financial situation for making the Group’s
operating or strategic decisions. These APMs are consistent with the principal indicators used by the investor and analyst
communities in the financial markets. In this respect, in accordance with the Guide issued by the European Securities
and Markets Authority (ESMA), which has been in force since 3 July, 2016 and concerns the transparency of Alternative
Performance Measures, ROVI sets out below information on the APMs included in the 2017 management information
that it considers significant:
EBITDA
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) is an indicator that measures the company’s
operating margin before interest, taxes, impairment, depreciation and amortization have been deducted. Management
uses it to assess the results over time, allowing a comparison with other companies in the sector.
EBITDA is calculated as the operating profit (which includes the gross profit less selling costs, overheads and
administrative costs, research and development expenses and any other operating income or expense), plus
amortization and depreciation.
EBIT
EBIT (“Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) is an indictor that measures the company’s operating mrgin before interest
and tax are deducted. Like the preceding indicator, Management uses it to assess the results over time, allowing a
comparison with other companies in the sector.
EBIT is calculated by deducting amortization, depreciation and impairment, if any, from the EBITDA.
Net debt/cash
Net Financial Debt or Net Debt is the main indicator used by Management to measure the Group’s indebtedness. It is
composed of available-for-sale financial assets, plus deposits, plus cash and cash equivalents, less current and non-
current financial debt.
20