Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2019
(Thousands of euros)
• IAS 28 (Amendment), “Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures ”. This amendment clarifies that an
entity will apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to long-term interests before the allocation of losses and impairment
of IAS 28. When applying IFRS 9, the entity will not take any adjustments to the carrying amount of long-term
interests as a consequence of the application of IAS 28 into account. The impact of this IAS has not been
significant in ROVI.
• Annual Improvements to IFRS 2015–2017 Cycle. The amendments affect IAS 12, IAS 23 and IAS 28. The main
amendments that may apply to the Group refer to:
o IAS 12, "Income Taxes”. Clarification of the income tax consequences of payments on financial
instruments classified as equity.
o IAS 23, “Borrowing Costs”. The basic principle of this improvement is that borrowing costs directly
attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets form part of the cost of
said assets. Other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense.
o IAS 28, “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”. This states that an entity will also apply IFRS 9
to other financial instruments in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied.
The entry into force of these improvements has not had a significant impact in ROVI.
• IAS 19 (Amendment) “Employee Benefits”. This amendment requires the entity to use updated assumptions to
determine current service cost and net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the
amendment, curtailment or settlement of a plan, and to recognise any reduction in a surplus in profit and loss as
part of the cost of a past service or a gain or loss on the settlement, even if the surplus has not been recognised
previously due to the impact of the asset ceiling. ROVI will take this amendment into account in the event of a
change in the plans for employees. The entry into force of this amendment has not had an impact in ROVI, but
will be taken into account in the event of any change in the plans for employees.
• IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments”. This interpretation clarifies how to apply the recognition
and measurement requirements of IAS 12 “Income Taxes” when there Is uncertainty over income tax treatment.
Under these circumstances, an entity will recognise and measure its deferred or current tax asset or liability by
applying the IAS 12 requirements to the taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax
credits or tax rates determined by applying this Interpretation. The entry into force of this interpretation has not
had any impact for ROVI.
b) Standards, interpretations and amendments that have not yet come into force but which are available for early
adoption for annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2019
At the signature date of these Consolidated Annual Accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the following standards, amendments and interpretations application of which is mandatory from 2020
onwards. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group, although they have not been adopted
early:
• IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates
and Errors” (Amendment) – Definition of material. The amendments to the definition of material are made so
that it is simpler to judge what is material. The definition of material helps companies to decide whether the
information should be disclosed in the consolidated annual accounts. These amendments clarify said definition
an include guidance on how it should be applied. Furthermore, the explanations accompanying the definition
have been improved and consistency within all standards has been ensured. These amendments must be
applied to the annual periods commencing on or after 1 January, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Group
12