Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
b.1) Revenue recognition
b.1.1) Sales of goods
The Company has recognised the total sales of goods marketed in 2024 as revenue and, where applicable, has claimed
late-payment interest from the public authorities. The buyer has the right to return the goods sold. Although the Company
believes that, based on previous experience, the level of returns will not be very meaningful, it has recognised ordinary
revenue for its sales together with the related provision against ordinary revenue for estimated returns. If the estimates
changed by 1%, changes in revenue would not be significant.
b.1.2) Sales of services
The Company’s principal sales of services are the provision of manufacturing services to third parties. In these services,
control is deemed to be transferred to the customer and the service obligations are considered to have been fulfilled
based on the percentage of completion of the work performed, in accordance with the defined milestones. In the event
that the percentage of completion includes a determined acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised until they are
finally installed.
Occasionally, before providing the manufacturing service, ROVI carries out work to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities
and machinery –which may be either its own or acquired or subcontracted from third parties– without which it would not
be possible to provide the service under the conditions required by the customers. Revenue is calculated on the basis of
the percentage of completion of the work performed. Additionally, if the percentage of completion includes a determined
acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised until they are finally installed.
Determining the percentage of completion of the service provision takes account of Management’s best estimate
regarding meeting the defined milestones and the costs incurred or yet to be incurred in relation to the work to be
performed. Likewise, the Company must make a technical evaluation of whether the work to adapt, fit out and validate
the facilities and machinery has been performed when determining the time at which they are ready for production.
b.2) Capitalisation of development expenses
ROVI considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, an enoxaparin biosimilar, has met all the
requirements since the last quarter of 2014, when the application to obtain marketing authorisation for this biosimilar in
Europe was filed with the European health authorities. Therefore, from that time until the beginning of the effective
marketing of this biosimilar in Europe, all the expenses incurred in this project were capitalised. The commencement of
the amortisation of this asset was determined by the completion, with a favourable result, of the decentralised procedure
used by the Company to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union countries in the first quarter of
2017. These assets have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents.
ROVI considers that it will obtain a positive return on the aforementioned development over said period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that it is undertaking, ROVI considers that the requirements
established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
b.3) Provisions for discounts, commercial transaction, contributions to the public health system and others subject to a
high degree of uncertainty
The provisions for returns, discounts, contributions to the public health system and other commercial transactions are
recognised under “Current provisions” (Note 20). The provision is Management’s best estimate based on both the
Company’s historical information related to product obsolescence, the regulatory framework and product cycles, and an
assessment of the potential risks inherent to the activity.
c) Grouping of items
In order to facilitate an understanding of the statement of financial position, income statement, statement of changes in
equity and statement of cash flows, the items on these statements are presented in groups and the required breakdowns
are included in the relevant Notes to the annual accounts.
8