Free translation of the 2019 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2019 Management Report
“The positive results of the PRISMA-3 study provide the clinical evidence that Risperidone ISM® allows for a meaningful
control of schizophrenia symptoms in patients with an acute illness exacerbation, using once-monthly injection and
without needing loading doses or oral supplementation” stated Christoph Correll, M.D., Professor of Psychiatry and
Molecular Medicine at the Donald and Barbara Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell in Hempstead, New York.
“In view of these results that also documented a favorable safety profile consistent with data known from oral risperidone,
I believe that Risperidone ISM®, if approved, may represent a first-line therapeutic option for those schizophrenia patients
in whom prescribers, patients and families consider risperidone to be the treatment of choice”.
Both doses of Risperidone ISM® (once-monthly 75 mg and 100 mg), compared to placebo, also showed statistically
significant improvement (p<0.0001) in the total score of the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity scale (CGI-S) at 12
weeks, which was the pre-specified key secondary efficacy endpoint in the study.
4.5 ROVI acquires rights to Dexchlorpheniramine Maleate in the Spanish and French markets
ROVI informed that it has reached an agreement with a subsidiary of Merck Sharp and Dohme (“MSD”) whereby it
acquires certain rights to MSD’s dexchlorpheniramine maleate product line in Spain and France, allowing it to distribute
this product directly in Spain in its different pharmaceutical forms (tablets, syrup and ampoules, marketed under the
brand name POLARAMINE®, and cream, marketed under the brand name POLARACREM™) and, in France, in its
injectable form (ampoules).
This line of products belongs to a group of medicines known as antihistamines used for symptomatic treatment of
seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis; vasomotor rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; mild, uncomplicated allergic cutaneous
manifestations of urticaria or angioedema; and reactions to blood or plasma. It is also indicated, together with adrenalin
or other appropriate measures, for treatment of anaphylactic reactions after the acute manifestations have been
controlled. These products often relieve cutaneous manifestations such as allergic eczema, atopic and contact
dermatitis, insect bites, dermographisms and drug reactions.
According to MSD, net sales of these products in Spain and France, were approximately 6.3 million US dollars in 2017.
ROVI paid MSD 13.5 million euros for the product.
Under this agreement, this line of products will be marketed directly by ROVI in Spain in its different pharmaceutical
forms and, in France, in its injectable form, when the administrative procedures to authorise the transfer of the marketing
authorisations have been concluded at the Spanish Medicines Agency and the French Agency for the Safety of
Medicines and Health Products.
4.6 ROVI acquires Falithrom® for the German market
ROVI informed (about the acquisition of Falithrom®, which was owned by Hexal AG (“Hexal”), a company belonging to
the Sandoz division of Novartis, to be directly marketed by ROVI in Germany.
Falithrom® is used for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic disease including venous thrombosis,
thromboembolism, and pulmonary embolism as well as for the prevention of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial
fibrillation (AF).
6