Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
Acquisition of own equity instruments
The Group classifies a financial instrument acquired as a financial liability, in full or in part, when its real economic nature
represents a direct or indirect contract obligation for the Group to deliver cash or another financial asset or to exchange financial
assets or liabilities with another entity under potentially unfavourable conditions.
Contracts that impose an obligation on the Group to acquire its own equity instruments, in cash or by delivering a financial
asset, are recognised in reserves as a financial liability at the present value of the amount to be paid. Transaction costs are
likewise recognised as a decrease in reserves.
2.11 Financial assets
a) Classification of financial assets
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at fair
value through other comprehensive income. The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were
acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
(i) Financial assets at amortised cost
Financial assets at amortised cost are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in
an active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities longer than 12 months after the end of the reporting
period, which are classified as non-current assets. Financial assets at amortised cost are classified as “Trade and other
receivables” and “Financial receivables”.
Deposits in financial institutions maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category as current
assets.
Trade receivables are measured at amortised cost less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables
is established when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
original terms of the receivables.
Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, the probability that the debtor will become insolvent or require financial
reorganisation and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that a trade receivable is impaired. Impairment
of financial assets, including loans and receivables, is measured using the expected credit loss model.
The Group measures provisions for losses at a sum equivalent to the expected losses over the life of the asset.
Provisions for losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost are presented separately as a reduction in the gross
carrying amount of the asset.
In relation to trade receivables, risk exposures in each group are segmented on the basis of the customer type (government or
non-government) and the age of the debt:
– The balance receivable from public authority customers relates to receivables from government entities, regarding which,
based on their nature and the information currently available, ROVI considers the credit risk to be low and, therefore,
does not recognise any expected losses in relation thereto. The Group is entitled to claim late-payment interest
originating from delay in collecting these balances from government entities.
– The balance with non-government entities includes mainly wholesalers, contract manufacturing customers, other
pharmaceutical companies and private centres. The provision for impairment of balances with non-government
customers is measured in accordance with the age of the debt.
Additionally, the provision for impairment includes all those customer balances for which there are indications of impairment,
even if six months have not yet elapsed since their due date.
Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement as “Other operating expenses”. When a receivable becomes
unrecoverable, it is written off against the amount of the impairment. Subsequent recovery of amounts previously written off is
recognised as a credit item in “Other operating expenses”.
14