LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
tolerance policy on bribery and corruption and the strict adherence to free market and competition regulations. The Code of
Ethics and the policies related to engaging and paying suppliers emphasise transparency and integrity, promoting a positive
impact on corporate culture and regulatory compliance. Moreover, ROVI integrates into its operations ESG aspects that are
set out in the CNMV’s good governance recommendations and has an ethics channel for reporting irregularities, reinforcing
the commitment to sustainability and good governance.
In relation to material opportunities, ROVI’s R&D&I area has launched projects to automate the ISM® technology and
optimise heparin manufacturing. These initiatives, if successfully implemented, could reduce costs and increase the margins
on these products, representing a significant opportunity for the Group.
Digitalisation and artificial intelligence (entity-specific)
The Group’s entity-specific topic “Digitalisation and artificial intelligence”, was taken into consideration in the double
materiality assessment due to the global upsurge of both these matters in the pharmaceutical industry. This phenomenon is
driven by several key factors, such as the personalisation of medicine, the optimisation of clinical trials and also the
optimisation of the supply chain, among others. In this respect, a total of 3 opportunities were found to be material in relation
to digitalisation and artificial intelligence.
The use of artificial intelligence may facilitate the discovery and development of new drugs and an improvement in diagnosis
and treatment. It could also reduce dependence on studies in animals and clinical trials, providing a cost reduction and a
swifter development of treatments. Furthermore, implementation of the Pharma 4.08could allow production to be optimised,
increasing efficiency and reducing costs, which would represent a significant opportunity for ROVI.
Current financial effects
Attention should be drawn to the fact that, if any sustainability-related material risk or opportunity were to materialise, it would
be reflected in the Group’s consolidated annual accounts it were to exceed their materiality threshold, affecting the assets or
the liabilities, as applicable. Likewise, a risk or opportunity that was material in terms of sustainability might not be material in
financial terms and, therefore, would not be reflected in the Group’s annual accounts. In 2024, no risks or opportunities were
identified that were material from a sustainability standpoint and required adjustments to the values stated for the
consolidated assets or liabilities in the consolidated annual accounts.
d. Management of impacts, risks and opportunities
This chapter establishes Disclosure Requirements that enable an understanding of, firstly, the processes to determine the
material impacts, risks and opportunities and, secondly, the information that the Company has included in its Report as a
result of the double materiality assessment.
i. Information on the materiality assessment process
◦ Disclosure Requirement IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess
material impacts, risks and opportunities
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to contextualise the process that has been conducted to identify the material
aspects from a double materiality perspective. The Group has used the rules of the standards set out in the ESRS as a basis,
applying a methodology that is divided into the phases listed below:
a) Understanding phase
The understanding phase is crucial for an exhaustive and complete comprehension of the Group’s operations and structure.
This initial stage involves a strict analysis of the business model, thus attaining an in-depth understanding of the business
lines and the specific activities carried on by each one of them by geographical area.9
8 This refers to a process for integrating technological and digital advances into the pharmaceutical sector.
9 The analysis of IROs focused on the activity of manufacturing and marketing of own and third-party medicines in Spain. In the other regions where the Group operates,
only the marketing activity is carried on, which has already been taken into consideration within the main area of the Group’s operations. In this respect, the IRO analysis
was conducted on a consolidated basis for the group Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI and subsidiaries, without distinguishing between geographical locations.
28