LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
7.6 of Annex I to the Climate Delegated Act, as well as other economic activities listed in the delegated acts adopted
pursuant to Article 10(3), Article 11(3), Article 12(2), Article 13(2), Article 14(2) and Article 15(2) of Regulation (EU)
2020/852 and provided that such measures are implemented and operational within 18 months.
For ROVI, the eligible activities with associated CapEx in 2024 were the following
Climate Change Mitigation Pollution Prevention
Annex Annex
Activity 5.4.
Activity 7.3.
Activity 1.1.
Activity 7.4.
Activity 1.2.
Activity 7.5.
Activity 7.6.
To analyse the numerator, ROVI screened all the items added to CapEx in 2024.
• For CapEx items related to the Mitigation Annex, ROVI conducted an exhaustive screening, which consisted of verifying
that each one of the invoices associated to the CapEx items added met the description contained in the Taxonomy
regulations, therefore allocating the value shown on the invoices to the CapEx numerator.20
• For CapEx items related to the Pollution Prevention Annex, ROVI calculated the totality of the CapEx items added
without making a detailed screening at invoice level, since the CapEx added is, in its entirety, assumed to contribute to
either the manufacture of the active substance or the manufacture of a medicine. This screening was performed by
segregating each CapEx item added by cost centre.
In the course of the screening, double accounting of items was avoided, computing the items that are directly related to the
description of each taxonomy activity with each activity.21
The denominator corresponds to the Group’s total CapEx, which includes investments in both property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets, as well as right-of-use assets, disclosed in the Consolidated Annual Accounts (in the section “Increases in
non-current non-financial assets”).22
◦ Calculation of the percentage of OpEx
The proportion of OpEx to which article 8(2), point b), of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 refers shall be calculated as the numerator
divided by the denominator as specified in points 1.1.3.1 and 1.1.3.2 of the Annex 1 to the Delegated Regulation of 6 July, 2021,
the latter covering direct non-capitalised costs that relate to research and development, building renovation measures, short-
term lease, maintenance and repair, and any other direct expenditures relating to the day-to-day servicing of assets of property,
plant and equipment by the undertaking or third party to whom activities are outsourced that are necessary to ensure the
continued and effective functioning of such assets.
Additionally, non-financial companies that apply national GAAP and are not capitalising right-of-use assets shall include lease
costs in the OpEx.
The numerator equals to the part of the operating expenditure included in the denominator that is any of the following:
i. Related to assets or processes associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities, including training and other
human resources adaptation needs, and direct non-capitalised costs that represent research and development;
ii. Part of the CapEx plan to expand Taxonomy-aligned economic activities or allow Taxonomy-eligible economic activities
to become Taxonomy-aligned within a predefined timeframe as set out in the second paragraph of point 1.1.3.2 of
Annex I to the Delegated Regulation of 6 July, 2021 relative to ‘CapEx plan’).
20 In cases where the invoices that make up the CapEx items are not related in their entirety with any activity described in the regulation.
21 For example, the LED luminaires of a new building constructed to expand ROVI’s production capacity were computed to activity 7.3 of the Mitigation Annex,
while the rest of the investment made in the construction of said building was computed to activity 1.1/1.2 depending on whether it related to active ingredient
or medicinal product manufacturing.
22 The CapEx figure used includes the additions related to rights of use recognised in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) 16
“Leases”.
55