LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Specifically, through the Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which is mandatory, the following principles are established in accordance
with ROVI’s human rights commitment:
i. Elimination of forced or compulsory labour.50
ii. Elimination of child labour.
iii. Respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining.
iv. Equal opportunities and non-discrimination.
v. Promotion of a work environment that is fair and free from any kind of violence.
vi. Respect for current legislation on working hours and remuneration.
Lastly, the Group undertakes to actively support the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and asks both its employees and all
its business partners to respect these principles in their day-to-day activities. Furthermore, as a member of the United Nations
Global Compact, ROVI promotes the adoption and dissemination of the principles of this Compact, as well as other international
instruments, including the International Labour Organisation Fundamental Conventions, which refer to respect for freedom of
association and the right to collective bargaining.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S2-2: Processes for engaging with value chain workers about
impacts
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the processes that ROVI has in place to engage with value chain
workers.
ROVI has an Ethics Channel as a communication mechanism applicable to all its value chain workers. Through this channel, its
employees and any stakeholder, including suppliers and customers, may report any irregularity they observe in relation to
regulatory compliance or ethics.
However, for non-employee workers on ROVI sites, there is a specific coordinator, designated by the entity that is collaborating
with the Group, who acts are a point of contact between the worker and ROVI. This coordinator is the person to whom reports or
requests are submitted in relation to the service provided by the worker.
With this type of worker, there is continuous collaboration during the whole of their stay at ROVI’s facilities. For workers who
provide services at the Group’s industrial plants, the management of each complex is responsible for the collaboration with
them. For those who work in the non-industrial area, it is the Human Resources Department. The corporate Health and Safety
Department oversees compliance with Coordination of Business Activities in both cases.
Regarding interaction with workers who provide their services on ROVI sites, the Coordination of Business Activities procedure
is applied, which ensures their health and safety at work. This procedure defines the exchange of information necessary before
any job is begun and the safety measures that should be adopted depending on the type of work to be performed.
Additionally, ROVI has a platform that reviews all the documentation received from companies who have been hired or their
workers and subsequently authorises external companies to access and work at Group facilities.
Furthermore, there is an incident investigation procedure, which states that, if any subcontracted worker suffers an accident at
Group facilities, he or she is obliged to report and record it. To this end, ROVI establishes an accident rate target for workers
who are working full time on company sites and, if they are exceeded, an action plan is developed.
In this respect, ROVI evaluates the efficiency of the collaboration on an ongoing basis through an access control monitoring
system, the issue of specific work authorisations, safety inspections and internal audits, among other mechanisms.
50 Forced labour is inherent to human trafficking.
123