Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
b) Comparison of information
Note 9 b) of the Notes to the annual accounts of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (hereinafter, “ROVI”) for the
reporting period ended 31 December, 2016 explains the inncorporation, in January 2016, of a company, Enervit Nutrition,
S.L, with initial share capital of 3 thousand euros and, initially, held 100% by ROVI. The same Note states that
subsequently, in March 2016, ROVI contributed the distribution contract for the EnerZona products to this subsidiary, as
well as the know-how on the promotion, distribution and sale of the products (hereinafter, “the assets contributed”). For
this purpose, Enervit Nutrition, S.L. increased its capital by 3,997 thousand euros, subscribed and paid up by ROVI
through the non-monetary contribution of the aforementioned assets. Until that time, ROVI had been the owner of said
assets, which had no carrying amounts in its statement of financial position, since no consideration was paid for them
when they were acquired.
In ROVI, the non-monetary contribution was considered a commercial asset swap and, therefore, in accordance with
NRV (Recognition and Measurement Rule) 2ª1.3 of the General Chart of Accounts, the shares received were measured
at the fair value of the asset contributed, i.e. 3,997 thousand euros. This meant that revenue of this amount was
recognized in the 2016 income statement of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A., together with an increase in the
value of the financial investment, all of which gave rise to the related tax effect.
However, after reviewing this operation as a result of a request from the regulatory body, the aforementioned swap was
finally considered to be non-commercial. In accordance with the aforementioned NRV 2ª1.3, the shares received in non-
commercial swaps are measured at the carrying amount of the asset contributed (which had no value in the present
case) plus, if applicable, any cash consideration received (1,450 thousand euros in this transaction). This meant that the
individual income statement for 2016 has been modified by 2,547 thousand euros (1,910 thousand euros net of tax),
which relates to the revenue of 3,997 thousand euros initially recognized when the swap was classified as commercial
and the 1,450 thousand euros of revenue corresponding to a non-commercial swap. The balancing item is a reduction in
the value of the investment in Enervit Nutrition, S.L.
In order to facilitate an understanding of the effects, we set out below the statement of financial position and income
statement of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. at 31 December, 2016, with the accounting whereby the swap is
classified as non-commercial (we mark the figures as “modified”), together with the accounting included in the annual
accounts approved for the 2016 reporting period, where the swap was classified as commercial.
8