Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
32. Environmental information
Any operation the main purpose of which is to minimize the environmental impact and protect and improve the
environment is considered an environmental activity.
The Company has not made any investments in systems, equipment or facilities for environmental activities in the last
two reporting periods.
In 2017, in order to contribute to the protection and improvement of the environment, the Company incurred expenses of
295 thousand euros for waste elimination (215 thousand euros in 2016).
At the reporting date, the Company was not aware of any possible environmental contingencies that might be significant.
33. Events after the end of the reporting period
There have been no significant events since the end of the reporting period.
34. Fees of account auditors
The net fees accrued by KPMG Auditores, S.L. for account auditing and other accounting reviews and verification in the
2017 period were 83 thousand euros and 38 thousand euros, respectively. The accounting review and verification
services include the work carried out on the review of the System for Internal Control over Financial Information (SCIIF),
as well as the limited review of the six-month period ended 30 June, 2017.
The audit fees of the consolidated group of which the company is the parent were 180 thousand euros in 2017, including the
fees relating to the Company mentioned in the preceding paragraph.
In 2016, the audit firm was PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L, whose net fees for Laboratorios Farmacéticos Rovi,
S.A. were 111 thousand euros for account auditing services and 51 thousand euros for other accounting review and
verification services. The fees for the Group totalled 204 thousand euros in 2016.
In addition, in 2016, PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. provided advisory services in relation to compliance with
the Code of Ethics of Farmaindustria and obligations resulting from the recent changes in criminal and corporate
legislation for an amount of 127 thousand euros
Also in 2016, fees were accrued for services provided by Landwell PricewaterhouseCoopers Tax and Legal Services,
S.L, which included tax and legal advice amounting to 329 thousand euros, while PricewaterhouseCoopers Asesores de
Negocios, S.L. provided services related to technical advisory services on licences and other consulting services for a
total amount of 50 thousand euros in 2016.
60