Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
Sales of goods are recognised when the Company has delivered products to the customer and there is no unfulfilled
obligation which could affect the acceptance of the products by the customer. The sale does not take place until the
products and the obsolescence and loss risks have been transferred to the customer, the customer has accepted the
products in accordance with the sale contract and the acceptance period has finished, or the Company has objective
evidence that the necessary criteria have been met for customer acceptance.
The products are sold with volume discounts and customers are entitled to return damaged products or those that have
expired. Sales are recognised at the price fixed in the sale contract, net of volume discounts and returns estimated at the
date of sale. Volume discounts are measured based on estimated annual purchases. Returns are not significant and they
are measured based on the Company’s historical experience (Note 2). Invoices are due within a maximum period of 60
days. The Company’s practice is generally to claim late-payment interest –calculated on the basis of the actual collection
period– from government entities from which receivables are not collected in the short term.
b) Sales of services
The services provided by the Company consist of promoting third-party pharmaceutical products and providing
manufacturing services.
In relation to the manufacturing services, the Company holds service agreements related to the performance of certain
phases of the production process of pharmaceutical products for other entities. Revenue is recognised as the milestones
stipulated in the contract accrue.
Occasionally, before providing the manufacturing service, ROVI, in accordance with certain defined milestones, carries
out work to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities and machinery –which may be either its own or acquired or
subcontracted from third parties– without which it would not be possible to provide the service under the conditions
required by the customer. If the final cost of this work is paid by the customer, ROVI recognises the revenue from the
service provided on the basis of the percentage of completion of the work performed, in accordance with the defined
milestones. If the percentage of completion includes a determined acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised
until they are finally installed.
c) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest rate method. When a receivable is impaired, the
Company reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, discounting the estimated future cash flows at the
original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as less interest income. Interest
income on impaired loans is recognised using the effective interest rate method.
d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in profit and loss when the right to receive payment is established. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the dividends distributed come from profits generated before the acquisition date, they are not recognised as
income and are shown as a decrease in the carrying amount of the investment.
e) Other revenue: granting of exclusive distribution licences
The revenue received from the granting of exclusive distribution licenses for ROVI products to other companies is
recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the corresponding contracts.
To date, the Company has granted several exclusive licences to third parties to sell its products in specific territories.
Under these agreements, ROVI has received a single amount for transfer of licence, with no refund obligation or the
possibility of refund under very restrictive terms, when the product has been authorised for distribution in a given territory.
In addition, the Company undertakes, for the term of the contract, to sell the products under contract to the distributor at
the prices agreed in the contract. The amount received on the transfer of the licence is recorded as “net sales” on a
straight-line basis over the term of the contract. The non-accrued portion is recorded as a non-current liability if it is to be
recognised in revenues after a period longer than a year.
3.16 Leases
When the company is the lessee: Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are recognised
in profit and loss in the period in which they accrue on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
16