LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
◦ Disclosure Requirement S2-3: Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels
for value chain workers to raise concerns
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the processes that ROVI has in place to
remediate negative impacts and the channels available to value chain workers to raise their concerns.
Regarding processes to help remediate any negative impacts that may be caused, ROVI has the Ethics Channel, as mentioned
previously. The Group has appointed an external Ethics Channel manager who receives all the communications, which allows
the whistleblowers to remain anonymous if they so wish and provides a secure communications mailbox.
To ensure the privacy of the whistleblowers who use the Channel, ROVI has established the following procedures:
• Policy on the Internal Information System and Whistleblower Protection, approved by the Board of Directors and
published on the Group’s website. It recognises the confidentiality of all communications taking place through the Ethics
Channel.
• Channel users are protected by the rights of confidentiality and non-retaliation.
Reports are subsequently investigated by the Ethics Channel Committee, formed by the Internal Audit Manager, the Head of
Compliance and the Human Resources Manager. The Audit Committee is informed of the content of the Ethics Channel every
four months and a summarised report is submitted to the Board of Directors annually.
The workers in ROVI’s value chain are aware of the existence of this channel as well as the Policy on the Internal Information
System and Whistleblower Protection, which was updated in 2024, since they are available on the ROVI Group’s website in the
“Ethics Channel” section. Additionally, suppliers can find a detailed explanation in the Code for Suppliers and some contracts
include a specific clause in this respect.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S2-4: Taking action on material impacts on value chain
workers, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of those actions
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose actions related to impacts on value chain workers and the
Company’s approach to any material opportunities related to them.
As mentioned previously, ROVI does not have a Human Rights Due Diligence process and, therefore, has not identified any
potential adverse impacts that it could be generating on value chain workers. Consequently, it has not taken any specific actions
aimed to mitigate risks or take opportunities relating to these workers and neither has it described whether its actions are
intended to prevent, mitigate or remediate the negative impacts identified in this area.
Notwithstanding, the Group is making progress towards ensuring the sustainability of the supply chain and preventing any
negative impacts on value chain workers by controlling and monitoring its suppliers.
Firstly, it strives to ensure that its suppliers adhere to the Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which establishes the mandatory
compliance requirements for any service provider that works with the Group. Its content is equivalent to the requirements of
ROVI’s internal Code of Ethics.
As a novelty, in 2024, a Sustainable Purchasing Questionnaire, intended for suppliers, was implemented, which, in future years,
will help mitigate any potential adverse impacts derived from third parties in the ethical, social and environmental areas. In the
supplier engagement process, it is mandatory for the supplier to complete a self-declaration questionnaire before the contract is
signed. The questionnaire addresses aspects such as respect for its employees’ fundamental rights and this part of the process
is essential in order for the supplier to be engaged.
Additionally, since 2020, ROVI has adhered to the EcoVadis platform, a tool that evaluates the performance of the Company’s
suppliers who have registered with the platform in the following ESG aspects:
124