Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
To date, the Company has granted several exclusive licences to third parties to sell its products in specific territories.
Under these agreements, ROVI has received a single amount for transfer of licence, with no refund obligation or the
possibility of refund under very restrictive terms, when the product has been authorised for distribution in a given territory.
In addition, the Company undertakes, for the term of the contract, to sell the products under contract to the distributor at
the prices agreed in the contract. The amount received on the transfer of the licence is recorded as “net sales” on a
straight-line basis over the term of the contract. The non-accrued portion is recorded as a non-current liability if it is to be
recognised in revenues after a period longer than a year.
3.15 Leases
When the Company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are recognised
in profit and loss in the period in which they accrue on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
3.16 Foreign currency transactions
a) Functional and presentation currency
The Company’s Annual Accounts are presented in thousands of euros. The euro is the Company’s functional and
presentation currency.
b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
transaction dates. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at reporting-date exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
recognised in profit and loss, except when deferred in equity as eligible cash flow hedges and eligible net investment
hedges.
Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency and classified as available for sale are
analysed considering the translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
changes in its carrying amount. Translation differences relating to variations in the amortised cost are recognised in profit
and loss and other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in equity.
Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equity instruments held at fair value through profit and loss, are
presented as part of the gain or loss in the fair value. Translation differences on non-monetary items such as equity
instruments classified as available-for-sale financial assets are included in equity.
3.17 Related-party transactions
In general, transactions between group companies are initially recognised at fair value. When applicable, if the agreed
price differs from the fair value, the difference is recorded in accordance with the actual economic value of the
transaction. Subsequent recognition is in accordance with the provisions set forth in the applicable rules.
18