LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
prefilled syringes of 0.5 ml to 20 ml (filled from 0.1 ml to 20 ml) and vials of 2 ml to 20 ml. This syringes and vials are filled in
aseptic conditions in cleanrooms (Grade A), plus terminal sterilisation if so required, with the possibility of adding safety
devices to the syringes. The plants hold certifications from EMA, FDA, ANVISA, PMDA, KFDA, China and the Gulf States,
among others, as well as the certifications SO9001, ISO14001 and ISO 45001.
This business line has become more important since 2020, especially after the agreement with Moderna for the filling and
packaging of the COVID-19 vaccine for markets outside the United States. This Agreement was reinforced in 2021 and, in
2022, it was consolidated by a long-term (ten-year) collaboration agreement to increase the compounding, aseptic filling,
inspection, labelling and packaging capacities at the ROVI plants in Madrid, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcalá de
Henares. As a result, investments have been made to increase the manufacturing capacity in Madrid and this agreement
also allows ROVI to provide service for any future mRNA candidate vaccines of the Moderna Group.
As of 31 December 2024, ROVI has an annual production capacity of between 450 and 500 million syringes and 120 million
vials. This capacity has been achieved as a result of installing new equipment for compounding, filling, automatic visual
inspection, labelling and packaging at the San Sebastián de los Reyes industrial complex.
Solid oral forms
Thanks to the advanced technology in the manufacture of oral forms, ROVI produces tablets and sachets at its Alcalá de
Henares plant. This plant, also approved by the authorities of Europe, United States, Japan, Mexico, Brazil, Russia and the
Gulf States, among others, has 83,000 square metres. In addition to manufacturing solid products, it has packaging capacity
for both solid forms and injectables. With storage capacity of 9,000 pallets, the plant is a centre of packing excellence,
operating 16 lines, 50% of which are dedicated to injectables. In 2024, four new lines with cardboard technology (plastic free
technology) were installed.
Additionally, ROVI is investing in two assembly lines that will be installed in 2026 and 2027 in order to assemble cartridges in
pens or syringes in autoinjectors and thus be able to increase the services it offers its customers.
Lastly, regarding the line of work dedicated to research, development and innovation (R&D&I), ROVI is focusing on its
innovative drug-delivery technology, ISM®. Long-acting injectables (LAIs) are becoming the benchmark for the care of some
complaints, such as schizophrenia, instead of the oral treatment. This technology is intended to obtain new pharmaceutical
products with delivery systems controlled through long-acting injectables. The objective is to replace daily drug administration
in patients who are undergoing long-term treatment for certain chronic pathologies, such as schizophrenia or some types of
cancer.
The ISM® technology is currently exclusive to ROVI and is patent protected until 2033. Intended to overcome most of the
disadvantages of prolonged-release oral or parenteral formulations, it has advantages such as simpler administration, higher
encapsulation efficiency, greater stability of the active ingredient, greater control in the initial release of the drug, reduction in
treatment frequency, etc.
At present, ROVI is developing this technology along two major lines:
Risperidone ISM®
Indicated for treatment of schizophrenia in patients for whom tolerability and effectiveness have been established with oral
risperidone.
In February 2022, years of development and research resulted in the approval of its first product: Okedi® (Risperidone
ISM®), which is now being marketed in several European countries.
The innovative effort in this line is continuing with the development of three-monthly Risperidone ISM®, which will
complement the current four-weekly formulation of Risperidone ISM® for the maintenance treatment of patients with
clinically stable schizophrenia. Currently, the Company is conducting a phase I clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability
and pharmacokinetics of various candidate formulations with different dose concentrations and injection sites.
13