Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
b) Financial liabilities held for trading
Financial liabilities held for trading are initially recognised at fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
purchase or issue are subsequently recognised as an expense as incurred. The initial fair value of a financial instrument
is usually the transaction price, unless said price contains elements other than the instrument, in which case the Group
determines its fair value.
Subsequent to initial recognition, they are recognised at fair price, taking any changes to profit and loss. Changes in the
fair value include the interest component and dividends. The fair value is not reduced by any transaction costs that may
be incurred if the instrument is sold or otherwise disposed of.
The Group classifies derivatives that have not been designated as hedging instrument as financial liabilities.
2.18 Current and deferred taxes
The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit and loss, except to the extent
that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
Current income tax expense is calculated on the basis of the laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
reporting period in the countries in which the Group operates and in which taxable income is generated. Management
regularly assesses the positions adopted in the tax returns in relation to situations where the applicable tax regulations are
subject to interpretation and, if necessary, sets up provisions in accordance with the amounts it is expected to pay to the
tax authorities.
Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
their carrying amounts in the consolidated annual accounts. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises
from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the
transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end
of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred
income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when, and only when, there is a legally enforceable right to offset
current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by
the same tax authority on the same entity or taxpayer or on different entities or taxpayers which intend to settle current tax
assets and liabilities for their net amount.
2.19 Employee benefits
a) Pension obligations
The Group holds a defined-contribution plan exclusively on behalf of certain Group employees. A defined-contribution plan
is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into an external fund and has no legal or constructive
obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating
to employee service in the current and prior periods.
For the defined-contribution plans, the Group pays contributions into pension insurance plans managed publicly or privately
on a mandatory, contract or voluntary basis. Once the contributions have been paid, the Group holds no further payment
18