Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
This caption includes amounts held in cash, current bank accounts and deposits and temporary acquisitions of assets that meet
all the following requirements: they can be converted into cash, their maturity does not exceed three months at the time of
acquisition, they are not subject to a significant risk of change in value, and they form part of the Company’s normal treasury
management policy.
2.14 Share capital
The subscribed share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, face value reductions or the cancellation of existing shares are
shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
When any Group company purchases shares in the Company (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any directly
attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s shareholders until the
shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net
of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effect, is included in equity attributable to the
Company’s shareholders.
2.15 Government grants
Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Grants relating to reimbursable advances are recognised when
these advances are granted to the Group.
Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit and loss over the period necessary to match them with
the costs that they are intended to compensate.
Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred
government grants and are credited to profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.
Reimbursable advances at zero interest rate or those with a subsidised interest rate are recognised at fair value at the time they
are received, subsequently being recognised at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and the face value is
registered as “Recognition of government grants on non-financial assets and others” if the loans are financing incurred
expenses or are included in non-current liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to the income statement on a
straight-line basis over the useful life of the assets which have been funded with said loans.
2.16 Trade payables
Trade payables are payment obligations for goods or services acquired from suppliers in the ordinary course of business. The
payables are classified as current liabilities if they mature at one year or less (or if they mature within a normal operating cycle, if
longer). Otherwise, they are shown as non-current liabilities.
Trade payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
rate method.
2.17 Financial debt
Liabilities recognised as financial debt are broken down as follows:
a) Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Financial liabilities at amortised cost are recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs incurred. Subsequently, they are
measured at amortised cost, any difference between the funds obtained (less the costs necessary to obtain them) and the
repayment value is recognised in profit and loss over the period of the borrowings in accordance with the effective interest rate
method.
Financial liabilities at amortised cost are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
16