LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Scopes 1 and 2 biogenic GHG emissions
Regarding Scopes 1 and 2 biogenic emissions, ROVI confirms that it does not generate such emissions.
GHG intensity based on net revenue
2024
Total location-based emissions
12.10
(tCO2e) / net revenue*
Total market -based emissions(tCO2e) /
0.05
net revenue*
“ The net revenue figure can be consulted in Note 22 to the Group’s Annual Accounts.
To calculate the tonnes of CO eq. emitted into the air, the emission factors provided by the Ministry for the Ecological Transition
2
and the Demographic Challenge for electricity, natural gas and diesel oil published in 2024, DEFRA 2024, Catalan Climate
Change Office 2024 and SimaPRO were used.
Regarding the methodology and assumptions used, the Group follows a procedure structured to consolidate and assess GHG
emission.
– Limits of the organisation: the GHG emissions are consolidated using the control approach, recording 100% of the
emissions from the operations controlled directly by ROVI. This calculation includes categories 1, 2, 3 and 4:
– Category 1: consumption in stationary installations (natural gas and diesel oil), fluorated gas leaks/refills and
the vehicle fleet controlled by ROVI.
– Category 2: Category 2: electricity consumption.
– Category 3: internal/external mobility (upstream and downstream) and waste transportation.
– Category 4: consumption of raw materials and overnight stays.
– Direct GHG emissions and removals: direct emissions of CO , CH , N O , NF , SF and other GHG (HFC, PFC) are
2 4 2 3 3 6
quantified separately in tonnes of CO eq. Currently, no GHG removals are recorded.
2
– Indirect GHG emissions: the assessment of significant indirect GHG emissions follows Annex H of ISO 14064-1 2019,
considering five qualitative criteria:
– Level of influence: ability to measure and reduce emissions of this category.
– Risk or opportunity: impacts on regulations, reputation or access to markets.
– Utility for users: facilitates reliable decisions for the intended users.
– Absence of uncertainty: traceable and accurate date for calculations.
– Essential activity: associated to outsourced core business activities.
Regarding the assessment methodology, compliance with the above five criteria is verified and, if at least three are favourable,
the last criterion, the quantitative magnitude, is analysed, determining whether the category represents a significant weight in
the total carbon footprint. In this respect, indirect emissions whose estimated value exceeds 5% of the total (direct and indirect)
are included in the inventory and said phase defines the final list of indirect GHG emission sources. For the calculation process,
ROVI combines the Company’s activity data with the emission factors obtained for relevant official sources each year. This
results of this calculation are expressed in tonnes of CO equivalent (CO eq).
2 2
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-7: GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed
through carbon credits
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the actions taken by ROVI to mitigate GHG
emissions into the atmosphere through projects financed by carbon credits.
In 2024, ROVI carried out two national and international CO offset projects.
2
77