LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
itself, but as a means to achieve collective well-being, promoting equality, democracy and sustainability. In this context, ROVI
worked on the development of the following initiatives in 2024:
• A digital signature governance model, which organises the different signature processes, the administration of risk, the
parties involved, the organisation up to the roles level, responsibilities, presentation lines and communications. This
model helps users to reply to day-to-day questions, establishes a system of control over signed documents and ensures
they are kept correctly.
• Process mining, which consists of applying specialised algorithms to all digitalised back-office processes to identify
trends, patterns and bottlenecks, in order to enhance work flows and other areas where there is room for improvement.
• Implementation of CLM (Contract Lifecycle Management), second version, a platform to review the Group’s contracts
where, as a result of the process mining initiative mentioned above, a data-based approach has been used to optimise
the control management process and to identify points where improvements are required, which will be applied in 2025.
The total expense associated to these three actions in 2024 was €309,120.
◦ Metrics and targets
Targets related to digitalisation and artificial intelligence
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to describe the targets set by ROVI to address the opportunities related to
digitalisation and artificial intelligence.
At present the Group does not have any measurable time-bound and outcome-oriented targets to manage the material
opportunities identified in this respect. Notwithstanding, ROVI continuously monitors the efficacy of the measures implemented
in the digitalisation and artificial intelligence area in order to consolidate and expand its activity in this field in upcoming years.
From the IT area, the Group aims to extend implementation of the EBR system to the rest of its industrial complexes, thus
driving the batch record digitalisation. Additionally, ROVI is also working on different projects to continue to develop the
application of artificial intelligence in its activities.
Furthermore, for 2025, the Hospitals and Institutional Relations area has other objectives, such as the development of the digital
identity and the signature policy. This project covers the attributes necessary for a digital signature according to the different
security levels, the criteria to be applied and the certification levels required for authorised signatories and/or representatives of
the Group in accordance with the company and country. Likewise, it is planned to implement CLM version 3, incorporating
artificial intelligence.
139