Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
Regarding the possible impact of COVID-19 on each one of the areas of ROVI, the following may be highlighted:
1. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has recommended ROVI’s low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWHs),
Bemiparin (Hibor®) and the Enoxaparin biosimilar, sales of which accounted for 47% of the Group’s operating
revenue in 2019, as essential medicines for people hospitalised in intensive care units due to COVID-19. For
this reason, in view of the habitual use of the product in hospitalised patients, ROVI believes that there will be a
rise in LMWH sales in hospitals during the period of the health crisis. On the other hand, ROVI expects that the
significant reduction in the number of surgical operations performed during the period of confinement may,
likewise, affect the division’s sales. The industrial shutdown that took place in China at the beginning of the year
and the current shutdown in Europe, combined with the evolution of African swine fever in China, confirm the
price increase in sodium heparin for this first part of the year.
2. A majority of ROVI’s innovative products are indicated for the treatment of chronic diseases and therefore,
consumption of these products should remain stable in the short term. However, the confinement measures,
which favour the habit of staying at home, combined with the fact that it is impossible for the sales force to
promote the products among health professionals, could provoke a slowdown in the sales of the pharmaceutical
specialities division if the isolation measures adopted in the health crisis were to be prolonged.
3. As we have mentioned previously, as of today’s date, production activities remain at normal capacity at all the
plants, although productivity has been impaired by the various preventive measures concerning sanitisation and
safety in relation to COVID-19. ROVI is very proud and satisfied with its employees’ response to this crisis.
However, the current situation and its potential impact is so unpredictable and volatile that the foregoing
assessment of the plants’ operations could be affected in the event of infections within their workforces.
4. R&D activities are continuing and, as of today’s date, ROVI is not aware that there will be any kind of delay in
the approval process for Doria® in Europe or registration of the medicine in the United States. Notwithstanding,
ROVI understands that the efforts of the European Medicines Agency are currently focused on COVID-19 and
does not rule out delays in the approval process for the medicine under the current circumstances. Likewise, for
registration of the medicine in the United States, ROVI depends on third-party assistance, which means that
ROVI cannot be certain that the registration application will not be filed later the date reported previously
(second half of 2020).
ROVI is continuing with its transformation process and the execution of its strategic plan. To date, the impact of the
health crisis has not changed the Group’s plans. Said strategic plan focuses on (i) the expansion of its enoxaparin
biosimilar, with which it aspires to become a benchmark player in the low-molecular-weight heparin sub-market, and (ii)
Doria® and Letrozol®, both of which are candidates that validate its extended-release drug delivery system, ISM®.
ROVI is also contributing to the provision of new solutions that help to improve the health situation of society overall and
has taken the necessary steps to donate a million surgical masks and a thousand special protection suits to the Ministry
of Health, Consumption and Social Welfare, taking account of the difficulties that the National Health System is having in
accessing individual protection equipment at the present time. With this contribution, ROVI wishes to assist in the
indispensable work carried out by the health professionals who are working nonstop to combat the COVID-19 pandemic
in Spain.
9