Free translation of the Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2024 Management report
Juan López-Belmonte, Chairman and CEO of ROVI, highlights the fact that this agreement “represents an opportunity to
help place Spain in a leading position in the clinical research of new therapies, with the capacity to translate this research
into manufacturing and thus improve the availability of new therapies to patients. At ROVI, we are delighted to place our
knowledge and experience at the service of this great public-private alliance that reinforces our commitment to
innovation”.
5. Research and development
ISM® technology platform
Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) is the first ROVI product based in its leading-edge drug delivery technology, ISM®. It is a
novel antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia with once-monthly (every 28 days) injections which has been
developed and patented by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI S.A. and which, as of the first injection, provides
immediate and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or supplementation with oral
risperidone.
On 15 February 2022, the European Commission authorised the marketing of Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) for the
treatment of schizophrenia in adults for whom tolerability and effectiveness has been established with oral risperidone,
and it was launched in 2022 in Germany, UK and Spain and in 2023 in Portugal, Italy, Austria, Greece and Serbia.
On 21 March 2024, ROVI received authorisation from Health Canada for the marketing of Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®)
for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults throughout Canada. ROVI has likewise obtained approval for marketing in
Australia.
On 29 March 2024, ROVI reported that the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had authorised the
marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM® for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults in the United States. Additionally,
as a postmarketing commitment, the FDA required to conduct a pharmacokinetic study that will evaluate exposure of
Risvan® approximate to daily administration of 6 mg oral risperidone. It was planned to review and agree the protocol for
the clinical study previously with the FDA and submit the final study report by July 2026, although this additional study
would not affect the approval or marketing of the product.
However, ROVI has decided not to market Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) in the United States after assessing the
uncertainties and opportunities associated to this launch. The main factors that have contributed to this decision are:
• The prioritisation of the Company’s investments in the CDMO business and the clinical development of a new
quarterly formulation of Letrozole (hereinafter, Letrozole LEBE).
• The absence of a partner that furnishes the Company with the capacities and structure necessary to ensure
adequate continuous distribution of Risvan® in the United States market, in order to thus maximise the benefits
of this innovative prolonged-release, long-acting injectable drug therapy for the patients and take advantage of
all the potential for expansion and commercial development that the schizophrenia field offers.
• The delay in the launch, which coincides with a forecast price reduction in the area of long-acting injectables
(LAIs) for the treatment of schizophrenia in the United States and potential amendments to United States
legislation or policy regarding the pharmaceutical industry, jeopardising the expected profitability of Risvan®.
• The United States market lacks regulatory differentiation or specification on the technical data sheet of
prolonged-release, long-acting injectables that share the indication “Treatment of schizophrenia in adult
patients”, which does not favour the positioning of Risvan® in a market with strong competitors. To this, it would
be necessary to add the time and cost of the pharmacokinetic studies required to evaluate exposure to Risvan®
similar to the daily administration of 6mg of oral risperidone.
ROVI has chosen to focus on the European development of Okedi®, where there are less uncertainties, and expects this
product to reach potential global sales of between 100 and 200 million euros in upcoming years.
Likewise, ROVI’s R&D team is progressing in the development of a new formulation of Risperidone for a 3-monthly
injection, which would complement the current 4-weekly formulation of Risperidone ISM® for the maintenance treatment
of adult patients with clinically stable schizophrenia. The Company is currently conducting a phase I clinical trial to
evaluate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of various candidate formulations at different dose strengths and
injection sites7.
7 Rovi. Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability of Different Formulations and Dose Strengths of Quarterly Risperidone (QUAR) in Patients With
Schizophrenia (QUARTZ). NIH, Clinicatrials.gov #NCT06276361. Available at (accessed 04Feb2025): https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT06276361.
7