ROVI ceased to promote and distribute Xelevia® (sitagliptin) and Velmetia® (sitagliptin
and metformin), two antidiabetic drugs from Merck Sharp and Dohme ("MSD"), as of 31
January 2024. Sales of both products were 1.2 million euros in the first quarter of 2024.
CONTRAST AGENTS AND OTHER HOSPITAL PRODUCTS
Sales of contrast imaging agents and other hospital products increased by 1% to 13.3
million euros in the first quarter of 2025.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company signed a strategic agreement with Pulse
Medical Technology, a Chinese company specialised in the development of innovative
technology for the diagnosis and treatment of patients with panvascular diseases.
Under this agreement, ROVI will market two software packages for the diagnosis and
evaluation of coronary artery disease: Angioplus Core and CTA plus. The software is
already being marketed in Spain and Portugal, having been available since the last
quarter of 2024.
Additionally, ROVI continues to advance in the artificial intelligence field. In January
2025, ROVI acquired a majority position in Cells IA Technologies, S.L., a pioneering
company in the development of artificial intelligence-assisted diagnosis in the
pathological anatomy area. Pathological anatomy, an essential medical specialty in the
diagnosis and staging of many diseases, is destined to become one of the disciplines
with the greatest potential for transformation as a result of the new digital technologies.
This agreement with Cells IA represents an opportunity for ROVI in its goal to contribute
to improving healthcare through the development of artificial intelligence solutions.
CDMO BUSINESS
CDMO sales fell 29% to 35.8 million euros in the first quarter of 2025 in comparison to
the same period of 2024, mainly due to (i) the booking of negligible revenue related to
the activities carried out to prepare the plant for production of the vaccine under the
agreement with Moderna in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of
2024, and (ii) lower revenues from existing customers (excluding Moderna) as a result of
the closure of the Madrid facility to upgrade some Annex 1 GMP2 aspects for sterile
manufacturing. As a result of this closure, some production for existing clients was
brought forward from the first quarter 2025 to the last quarter of 2024, and other
production has been postponed to the remainder of 2025 year.
Over the past five years, ROVI has invested substantial capital to build global leadership
in sterile fill & finish (F&F) capacity and technology services. With these recent
investments, and with current expansions underway, ROVI expects to significantly
increase its current sterile capacity at its FDA and EMA / EU GMP Annex-1 compliant
facilities in Spain. This will allow ROVI to continue to capitalize on the imbalance
between the available capacity and the rising demand across the sterile fill & finish
market, building on recent momentum with the addition of a high-volume product
from a global pharmaceutical customer and the good drive in commercial activity and
alliance opportunities across strategic high-growth modalities – including innovative
2 Good Manufacturing Practices
11