ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
The Audit Committee was regularly informed by Internal Audit of ICFR-related activities. In this respect, Internal Audit drew up the annual
internal audit work plan for 2020, which was examined and approved by the Audit Committee and contained, among other things, the work
to be carried out in 2020 in relation to ICFR. The Audit Committee received the Annual Audit Report for 2020, which described, among
other items, the status of execution of Internal Audit’s work on the ICFR and informed of the results, stating, where applicable, the aspects
that might materially affect the financial reporting.
Lastly, in order to avoid the individual and consolidated accounts approved by the Board of Directors being submitted to the General
Meeting with qualifications in the Audit Report, the Audit Committee carried out the following tasks, among others, before they were
approved: it reviewed the annual accounts, monitored compliance with legal requirements and the correct application of generally-accepted
accounting principles, received information on the financial reporting process and the Company’s internal control systems, and checked
their suitability and integrity.
The Audit Committee reported favourably to the Board of Directors before the annual accounts were approved.
The Company has an internal audit function that provides support to the Audit Committee in supervising the internal control over financial
reporting.
The Internal Audit function, under the supervision of the Audit Committee, ensures that the information and internal control systems
operate properly. The Internal Audit function is regulated in an “Internal Audit Charter”, the latest version of which was approved by the
Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Audit Committee in December 2020. The head of Internal Audit submits the annual work
plan to the Audit Committee, likewise informing the Committee directly of any incidents that arise in executing the plan and submitting an
activity report to the Committee at the end of each year.
In 2020, as part of its Annual Work Plan, Internal Audit reviewed the efficacy of the design and implementation of the key controls of the
processes with a material effect on ROVI’s financial statements. Specifically, the design of the controls was assessed and proper operation
thereof in the following processes was verified:
- Fixed assets
- Sales
- Purchasing
- Payroll
- Taxes
- Year-end close
The corrective measures identified with a material effect on the financial reporting were included in the Annual Internal Audit Report
submitted to the Audit Committee at the year-end.
In 2021, audits to supervise the proper operation of the key ICFR processes will continue.
F.5.2 If there is a procedure by which the account auditor (in accordance with the contents of the Normas
Técnicas de Auditoría (NTA) - “Auditing Standards”), internal auditor and other experts may
communicate with senior management and the audit committee or senior managers of the company
regarding significant weakness in internal control identified during the review of the annual accounts
or any others they have been assigned. Additionally, state whether an action plan is available for
correcting or mitigating any weaknesses found.
The Audit Committee has a stable and constant relationship with the statutory auditors. In its Annual Work Plan, the Audit Committee
fixes the minimum annual meetings that it will hold with the statutory auditors, in such a way as ensure smooth communication and
receive information on any significant internal control weaknesses detected.
In this respect, in 2020 the Audit Committee met with the statutory auditor three times, when it obtained information on both the planning of
the work and the results and findings thereof (including significant control weaknesses). Before the annual accounts for the year were
approved, the statutory auditor also met with the plenary session of the Board of Directors to report on the work executed.
Likewise, the Audit Committee holds regular meetings with ROVI’s Internal Audit which, on a quarterly basis, reports on, among other
aspects, any significant internal control weaknesses that may have been identified.
Apart from the scheduled meetings, in the event that any material weakness is detected, both the statutory auditors and Internal Audit
are able to notify the Audit Committee immediately.
46 / 65