LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Likewise, the Climate Change Policy sets the principles for action directly related to the material topics derived from the double
materiality assessment: climate change mitigation and adaptation and energy, and also addresses management of the physical
and transition-related climate change risks.
Additionally, ROVI also has the Energy Policy for the Granada complex, which was approved by the Group’s Industrial Manager
and establishes the principles and commitments oriented to reduce energy consumption-related greenhouse gas emissions for
all the employees at said centre. Furthermore, the policy refers to implementing an energy management system that permits
conscious use of energy resources.
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-3: Actions and resources in relation to climate-change
policies
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the actions that ROVI has taken or plans to take to fight climate
change.
As mentioned in relation to Disclosure Requirement E1-1, ROVI does not have a transition plan at corporate level and,
therefore, for the moment, cannot disclose mitigation actions with specific targets for the years 2030 and 2050 as required by
this Disclosure Requirement. Notwithstanding, in 2024, ROVI worked on specific studies intended to identify and plan potential
actions to reduce its carbon footprint and keep in line with the global decarbonisation targets at the Alcalá de Henares and San
Sebastián de los Reyes plants, which are those that generate most of the Group’s emissions.
Likewise, ROVI is working on the main decarbonisation levers to reach the GHG emission reduction targets, such as energy-
efficiency measures, the use of renewable energy and an analysis of fuel changes, among others. In this respect, ROVI has
installed solar panels and vehicle charging points at the San Sebastián de los Reyes industrial complex. These actions entailed
taxonomy26 CapEx of €46,628.64 and €10,394.72, respectively.
By obtaining the certification of the Escúzar industrial complex under the standard ISO 14001, in 2024, the Group had its entire
environmental management system certified. This action entailed a total expense of €4,791.60.
The actions27 taken by ROVI to reduce its GHG emissions in line with the management of material impacts, risks and
opportunities are described below:
Scope 1
To continue the Group’s energy-saving project, in 2024, energy-efficiency measures were implemented through specific actions
at each one of the industrial complexes.
Julián Camarillo Complex:
• Monitoring and analysis of energy consumption data through the monitoring and invoice platform. The associated
taxonomy CapEx totals €2,655.95.
• Modelisation of gas consumption through a regression analysis as part of the energy audit pursuant to Royal Decree
56/2016, which is mandatory every four years. The associated OpEx totals €5,004.86.
• Monitoring of the main consumptions of the project for the new ISM plant. The associated CapEx totals €673.49.
• Incorporation of hot water consumption of the development chambers to the hot water boiler, instead of the hot water
circuit generated from steam. The associated CapEx totals €9,529.23.
• Monitoring the steam consumption of the heat exchangers. The associated taxonomy CapEx totals €4,845.59.
• Control of the times of operation of the air treatment units in building D. This action did not require the Group to make a
significant investment.
26 Taxonomy CapEx or OpEx refers to those items that meet the description of activities 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 of the Climate Change Mitigation Annex of the
European Taxonomy.
27 Some of the energy efficiency-related actions implemented at the plants will be repeated, since they consist of measures that affect both Scope 1 and 2.
70