OUTLOOK
For 2025, ROVI expects its operating revenue to decrease by a mid-single-digit
percentage in comparison with 2024. Notwithstanding, this guidance is calculated
using certain factors that could be relevant to the estimates and that are difficult to
specify at the present time. They include, among others, the following:
1. First, as of today’s date, the Company is unable to forecast how the demand and
production might evolve for the vaccination campaigns that will take place in
2025.
2. Second, it is hoped that the expansion of the compounding, aseptic filling,
inspection, labelling and packaging capacities at the ROVI facilities in Madrid and
the current high market demand for contract manufacturing services (CDMO)
will favour obtaining new business, with the resulting sales impact. This would
have to be considered but is impossible to estimate at this time.
R&D UPDATE
ISM® technology platform
ROVI is developing Letrozole SIE, a quarterly long-acting injectable formulation of
letrozole that is superior to daily 2.5 oral doses of Femara® in suppressing estrogens. The
regulatory pathway is 505(b2) in the United States and a hybrid application in Europe.
With the development programme, the company intends to obtain the same
indications as Femara® in the United States and Europe, covering the use of this
product at all stages of breast cancer for postmenopausal women if the tumor is
positive to estrogen receptors.
ROVI has obtained a positive readout of the results of its phase I pK and tolerability
study with single ascending doses of Letrozole SIE, as announced on March 25th, 2025
at its Capital Markets Day. Two important takeaways from these results are:
• Quarterly 225 mg intramuscular injections of Letrozole SIE provide superior
inhibition of estrogens compared to daily oral doses of Femara® 2.5 mg.
• The formulation provides positive tolerability results and, in particular, a very low
incidence of arthralgias.
These results allow ROVI to progress to pivotal clinical trials with two objectives: (i) verify
that the superior capacity to suppress estrogens provides a significant impact on clinical
endpoints of efficacy in the clinical trial, and (ii) obtain evidence of the improved
tolerability profile that is expected from the maintenance of steady letrozole plasma
levels and sustained suppression of estrogens.
The pivotal clinical programme is expected to start in Q4 2025 and will involve two
clinical trials:
22