Free translation of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2020 Consolidated Management Report
“Moderna is committed to helping address the COVID-19 crisis. We are pleased to partner with ROVI to potentially
supply hundreds of millions of doses of finished mRNA-1273, once approved, and help address the need for a vaccine
against COVID-19 around the world,” said Juan Andrés, Moderna’s Chief Technology Operations and Quality Officer.
“ROVI’s experience as a global manufacturer of drug product and expertise in fill-finish will be an important partnership
for us to establish dedicated supply chains that can meet the needs of different countries and regions. I am delighted to
be working with ROVI again”.
“We are very happy about the collaboration with Moderna, whose vaccine against COVID-19 is one of the frontrunners in
the race to solve this health crisis. We would be thrilled for ROVI to form part of the solution to this pandemic that is
affecting all of us and to support Moderna in supplying it on a wide scale. Our proven experience and capabilities as a toll
manufacturer of injectables has allowed us to reach this agreement, which would help strengthen our manufacturing area
and would, in all probability, provide us with a significant growth opportunity in the area. Likewise, I would like to thank
the Ministry of Health and the Spanish Medicines Agency for making themselves available and providing their support,
which has been of fundamental importance, during this entire process”, said Juan López-Belmonte, Chief Executive
Officer of ROVI.
2.3.3 ROVI informs on the impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s activities
ROVI reports (by publication of the relevant information number 1365 dated 2nd of April of 2020) that, since the beginning
of the propagation of COVID-19, the Group has been executing the contingency plans necessary to guarantee the health
and safety of its employees and those who work with it, as well as to ensure the continuity of the business and fulfil its
responsibility to supply medicines to the hospitals of Spain and Europe.
To this end, ROVI has adopted a number of initiatives in line with the recommendations made by the authorities. Among
them, we highlight the fact that ROVI has reduced the processes that must be performed in person at its facilities to a
minimum. Thus, a significant part of the workforce is working from a distance. In the cases where home working is not
possible, particularly at the manufacturing plants, ROVI is keeping all its production activities at a kind of normal activity
level, with the relevant safety measures, in order to ensure that its medicines continue to be available to patients during
the health crisis.
ROVI considers that it is extremely important to keep its manufacturing plants in operation in order to fulfil its
responsibility as a pharmaceutical manufacturer. Therefore, ROVI wishes to acknowledge the commitment and
responsibility shown by those of its employees who are physically present at work every day and, for these employees,
has approved a bonus of 20% of their salary corresponding to the duration of the State of Alarm decreed by the Spanish
government. Likewise, in order to work with the greatest safety and maintain the continuity of the production activities,
ROVI recommends avoiding the use of public transport for travelling to the plants and assumes the cost of private
transport and parking spaces for those employees who so require.
ROVI’s sales behaved in line with company’s expectations in the first nine months of 2020. As a consequence, the Group
confirms the growth forecasts reported previously for 2020, which placed growth in operating revenue in mid-single-digit
figures, i.e. from 0% to 10%. Notwithstanding, given the uncertainties associated to the development of the current
situation (which ROVI will continue to monitor closely), it is not yet possible to make a precise assessment of the impact
that the pandemic will have on the current year.
8