CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Cash flow from financing activities was (18.6) million euros in the first quarter of 2024
versus (3.2) million euros in the first quarter of 2023. This decrease was mainly
attributable to (i) ROVI’s share buy-back programme executed in the first quarter of
2024; and (ii) zero income obtained from the sale of treasury shares in the first quarter of
2024 versus 29.5 million euros in the first quarter of 2023.
Javier López-Belmote Encina, Deputy
Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of
ROVI, said: “after successfully overcoming
2023, the first post-pandemic year, and
demonstrating the resilience of our
business, 2024 will be a year of transition in
which value is created for the future. In this
context, total revenue was 151.3 million
euros, 25% lower than the same period of
last year because of lower revenue from
the production of the COVID-19 vaccine.
Apart from that, our business showed
stability in terms of revenue and gross
margin in the first quarter of 2024. In
addition, we were able to reduce our
operating expenses (excluding R&D
expenses and employee benefit expenses)
by 11% as the result of an efficient cost
containment policy. Likewise, even though
the gross margin decreased by 5.5
percentage points due to a lower
contribution from the CDMO business, we
expect the COVID-19 vaccine production in the second half of the year and the lower
revenue from the technology transfer activities to have a positive impact on the
Group’s gross margin. Moreover, we expect a further improvement in this margin
from 2025 onwards as a result of the drop in low-molecular-weight heparin raw
material prices. Likewise, we are very satisfied with the execution of the share buy-
back programme, which we hope to complete before the summer. ROVI’s
commitment to innovation is reflected in the figures for the first three months of 2024.
We are in a new growth phase and we hope that the strength of our balance sheet
will allow us to take further opportunities to expand our sales and obtain a higher
return on our assets”.
23