Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
• Ilunion, which provides laundry services for plant clothing.
• Fundación A la par, engaged in the social and workplace integration of people with intellectual disabilities, which
cleans the pallets used at the plants of Rovi Pharma Industrial Services.
• Fundación Deporte y Desafío, a non-profit organisation dedicated to mainstreaming disability sport. In 2020, ROVI
strengthened the co-operation agreement with this association to conduct adapted skiing courses at the Madrid
Xanadú shopping centre.
• Fundación También. This non-profit organisation works to include people with disabilities in sport. As it does each
year, ROVI collaborated in acquiring adapted skiing material for the association.
• Cruz Roja Granada, with which ROVI collaborated in its assistance programme for disadvantaged families in
Granada especially affected by coronavirus.
Knowledge sharing
• V OCARE Prizes (Observatory of Corporate Responsibility Communication and Action), which recognized the best
communication campaigns by companies in the CSR area and which, for a further year, was sponsored by ROVI.
Corporate volunteering and charity races
In 2020, the number of activities with active participation of ROVI employees was reduced due to the restrictions applied
to group activities because of the pandemic. Notwithstanding, the following list of activities was organised from the CSR
area:
• IX Charity Race for Mental Health, organised by Fundación Manantial in Madrid (16 February), of which ROVI
was the main sponsor. A group of 40 employees and members of their families took part in this charity race, which
endeavours to raise awareness among the population of mental illnesses.
• Adapted ski campus with Fundación También, held in Sierra Nevada (Granada) between 14 and 16 February,
2020.
• V 100 Km Race for Africa, of Fundación Recover. In June, a group of 66 employees and members of their families
took part in the challenge of completing 100 Km of this virtual race, the funds from which were used to combat
COVID-19 in Africa.
• 9th Madrid También Solidario Race of Fundación También. Held virtually between 2 and 25 October, a group of
100 employees and members of their families took part in one of the three versions of this charity race: 1, 5 and
10 kilometres.
In addition, ROVI was a collaborating entity in the individual charity race Muévete por la salud, organised by Fundación
Cofares and held between 5 and 8 December, the funds from which were used to cover the basic needs of hygiene and
food items for groups that were vulnerable due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
41