LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
To facilitate the implementation and monitoring of the ICNFR system, ROVI has a technological platform that allows
comprehensive and homogeneous management. This has benefited the different areas of the Company involved in the
reporting process, since it allows them to:
• Reduce the risk of data processing errors, ensuring the quality and reliability of the data.
• Centralise and optimise the compilation of data and supporting evidence for the verification process.
• Automate indicator calculation and report generation.
• Monitor compliance with the internal control system established in real time.
To make the internal control system that has been implemented more robust, ROVI has developed two reporting manuals, one
on the environment and the other on human resources, in order to facilitate the way in which sustainability information is
obtained.
Lastly, mention should be made of the fact that, once the ICNFR system had been adopted, the Group’s administrative,
management and supervisory bodies were informed and it was not considered necessary to implement a periodic notification
process.
c. Strategy
◦ Disclosure Requirement SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the elements of the Group’s strategy that relate to or impact
sustainability matters, the business model and the value chain.
ROVI is a pan-European company focusing on innovative products and enjoys stability, soundness and experience.
The Group is present directly in Spain, Portugal, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy, Austria and Poland and has been
listed on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Valencia and Madrid Stock Exchanges since 2007 and on the Ibex-35 since December 2021.
In relation to employees by geographical region, details are shown in the following table:
Number of employees by geographical region
Spain 2,072
United Kingdom 3
Germany 52
Italy 44
France 6
Poland 1
Austria 4
Portugal 15
ROVI bases its growth on three different areas. First, the specialty pharmaceutical area, where the Group holds a portfolio of
its own and licensed products with more than 40 items. The products are indicated for both the treatment and diagnosis of
different complaints in nine therapeutic areas: cardiology, osteoarticular/women’s health, anaesthesia/pain, diagnostic imaging
contrast agents, central nervous system, urology, endocrinology, respiratory and primary healthcare.
Second, the contract manufacturing area, where ROVI provides manufacturing services to the highest standards of quality and
competitiveness.
9