LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
4.6.- Universal accessibility
The problems of physical accessibility in work environments and difficulty in using objects and products, irrespective of
their technical, cognitive or physical skills, are barriers that hinder the full mainstreaming of people with disabilities in
work and social environments.
Regarding the first of the barriers, ROVI strives for the work centres where it carries on its activity to be accessible to
everyone safely, comfortably and autonomously.
In addition, the products marketed by ROVI are also labelled in Braille for the blind, so that the latter can use them
autonomously, thus fully attaining the objectives for which they were designed.
In addition to the foregoing, ROVI fosters sensitisation as the primary tool to combat barriers to persons with disabilities.
In this respect, it conducts corporate volunteering activities in cooperation with non-profit organisations engaged in the
social integration if persons with mental and intellectual disabilities.
Thus, employees obtain first-hand knowledge of the main barriers that persons with disabilities have to surmount in their
daily lives. These activities are made known through the Company’s internal television channel and periodic internal
publications. Thus, the Company’s commitment to accessibility and inclusion is shared with the employees and ROVI
strives to raise awareness of disabilities and combat the discrimination suffered by this group of people.
4.7.- Equality
ROVI is committed to establishing and developing polices that include equal treatment and opportunities for women and
men, with no direct or indirect gender discrimination, and to drive and foster measures to achieve real equality within the
organisation, establishing equal opportunities as a strategic principle in its human resources policy.
ROVI is committed to no discrimination based on gender or any other personal characteristic in selection, promotion and
personal development processes and the remuneration policy according to which workers are paid.
Applying this commitment, it has an Equal Opportunities Plan for men and women. Applying this Plan, an Equal
Opportunities Commission has been created, with the main mission of properly monitoring the measures implemented to
ensure equal opportunities and non-discrimination and to promote the inclusion of new actions in this respect.
ROVI’s commitment to equality and non-discrimination is also set out in the Company’s Code of Ethics and the principles
that govern training programmes and actions.
23