LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
◦ Climate Change Mitigation Annex
Activity 5.4: “Renewal of waste water collection and treatment”. As a result of the activity of its industrial complexes, in 2024,
ROVI made an investment in the treatment of wastewater at its Escúzar complex. Likewise, the Group incurred maintenance
expenses in relation to the catch basins at some of its industrial complexes (specifically Alcalá de Henares, San Sebastián de
los Reyes and Julián Camarillo). In this respect, this activity is considered eligible as a result of the aforementioned investment
and maintenance expenses.
Activity 7.3: “Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment”. In 2024, ROVI, committed to the energy
efficiency of its facilities, invested in assets that enabled it to meet this commitment at most of its industrial complexes. In this
respect, the principal actions were the installation of LED luminaires and the replacement of equipment by new, more efficient
equipment (heat pumps, air-conditioning systems and sunscreen vinyl, among others).
The criterion followed was for all the CapEx items related to replacements by more energy- efficient equipment were eligible,
apart from those items that had the sole purpose of cooling related to the production process, “process cooling”. In this
connection, said cooling often affects the entire facility where the production process is taking place and, therefore, the
Regulation on Thermal Installations in Buildings (RITE) is not met. In this situation, said items are not deemed eligible because
they lose the potential measured through these indicators.
Likewise, ROVI incurred maintenance expenses for different types of equipment, such as coolers, boilers and air-conditioning
systems, at its industrial complexes. In the same way as for the CapEx items, ROVI carried out exhaustive screening to identify
the specific ratios that can be applied at its facilities (offices and common areas, not including spaces solely for use in the
production process).
Therefore, the investment made to implement said measures, except those linked solely to the production process, as well as
the maintenance expenses incurred, contributed to determining the eligibility of this activity.
Activity 7.4: “Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings (and parking spaces
attached to buildings)”. In 2024, ROVI installed charging points for electric vehicles at its San Sebastián de los Reyes complex.
Therefore, the investment made in said installation contributed to determining the eligibility of this activity. Likewise,
maintenance was carried out on the charging points that already existed at said industrial complex.
Activity 7.5: “Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulation and controlling energy
performance of buildings”. In 2024, ROVI continued with measures such as the installation of presence detectors and the use of
a platform (the DEXMA platform) to monitor energy consumption, in order to promote energy saving at its complexes and
offices. Likewise, ROVI incurred expenses in relation to the maintenance of the consumption monitoring platform and the
maintenance of the energy management system at its Granada complex in accordance with ISO 50001.
Therefore, the investment made to implement said measures, together with the maintenance expenses, contributed to
determining the eligibility of this activity.
Activity 7.6: “Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies”. In 2024, ROVI, committed to the use of
renewable energy technologies, invested heavily in expanding the photovoltaic installations at the San Sebastián de los Reyes
industrial complex. Likewise, in order to make the installations more efficient, ROVI incurred maintenance expenses on the solar
panels at the complexes that have them.
Therefore, both the maintenance expenses and the installation of new panels contributed to determining the eligibility of the
activity.
◦ Pollution Prevention Annex
Activity 1.1: “Manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) or active substances”.As a pharmaceutical company,
ROVI generates revenue from the manufacture of active substances at its Granada and Escúzar complexes. At these
complexes, ROVI manufactures, firstly, the active ingredient of the Moderna vaccine. Secondly, it manufactures the active
ingredient of bemiparin and enoxaparin for the subsequent manufacture of its own products. Notwithstanding, the revenue from
50