LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
Across the Low percentage of signatures of Code of Ethics for
All topics Negative Actual < 1 year
value chain Suppliers.
Across the Possibility of infringement of a human or work-related right
All topics Negative Potential > 5 years
value chain by a supplier.
Across the ROVI does not currently have a Human Rights Due
All topics Negative Actual < 1 year
value chain Diligence procedure.
Own Implementing ESG audit programmes across the value
All topics Opportunity Potential 1-5 years
operations chain.
Own
All topics Implementing a sustainable purchasing policy. Opportunity Potential 1-5 years
operations
Note: all the topics include the totality of the sub-topics and sub-sub-topics of the standard.
In relation to the material impacts and opportunities identified associated to labour conditions, equal treatment and opportunities,
and other work-related rights, they indicate the absence of effective control mechanisms (apart from those that exist for
subcontracted workers who work at the Company’s facilities) that allow said rights to be correctly monitored across the value
chain.
The absence of a Human Rights Due Diligence process hinders the identification of groups of value chain workers who are
particularly vulnerable. Consequently, neither can it be determined whether there exists a material risk of child labour or forced
or compulsory labour among the value chain workers in countries where respect for human rights may not be guaranteed.
Notwithstanding, ROVI has a mandatory questionnaire for suppliers to complete before signing any contract, which addresses
issues such as respect for the fundamental rights of their workers.
In addition, in relation to positive impacts, ROVI has identified a material positive impact derived from the processes the
Company conducts to control its suppliers’ performance in the social, environmental and governance areas through the
EcoVadis platform. At present, 27% of the adhered suppliers have been evaluated but the Group’s commitment is to increase
that percentage in upcoming years.
Finally, material opportunities have been identified, such as the implementation of a sustainable purchasing policy, as well as
performing sustainability audits across the value chain. Mention should be made of the fact that, in this respect, there are no
material opportunities derived from impacts that affect specific groups of workers.
Regarding the main types of value chain workers that could be materially affected in general terms49 by the impacts mentioned
above, they are as follows:
First, we have workers who provide their services on ROVI sites but do not form part of the Group’s own personnel. These are
mainly workers who carry out subcontracted services of different types, such as cleaning services, engineering services to
repair manufacturing equipment, logistics services, information technology and safety, among others.
It is important to mention that ROVI addresses safety on a comprehensive basis, performing the Coordination of Business
Activities (CAE) functions in all the activities carried out by value chain workers who work on Group sites, irrespective of the
type of task, job or location. Although no material risk has arisen in relation to this specific category of workers, the Group
considers it essential to ensure protection of all workers in any work situation at their work centres.
In addition, we have the workers who provide their services in the upstream and downstream value chain:
49 It has been determined that all the negative impacts are considered to be general, since they could affect a broad group of value chain workers and are not
limited to specific individual cases.
121