Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
6. CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY
6.1.- Principal risks
The ROVI Group has a Crime Prevention Model in which the risks related to corruption and bribery are analysed. The main
risks observed in this respect are:
1. Relations with public authorities and/or political office-holders, both national and foreign, for any reason related
to the Group’s activities; for example: (i) receipt and processing of inspections on the part of the authorities,
(ii) obtaining authorisations and licences related to the Group’s activities, (iii) subscription and signature of
government contracts (medicine supply), (iv) relations with health professionals, and (v) applications for
subsidies and European public funds.
2. Management of the processes for contracting works and services with third parties, related to the activities
carried on by the ROVI Group.
3. Signature of donation and sponsorship agreements with public or private entities.
These risks were identified within the framework of the analysis of crime risks performed in accordance with article 31 bis
of the Spanish Criminal Code, which requires “identification of the activities in the sphere of which the offences that must
be prevented may be committed”. The risk assessment was prepared by an external consultant and approved by the Audit
Committee and Board of Directors and is reviewed annually by the ROVI Group’s Compliance Department with the help of
an external consultant.
6.2. Policies and commitments
To detect and prevent the risks of corruption and bribery, the ROVI Group has the following policies and procedures in
place:
- ROVI’s Code of Ethics (the update of which was approved by the Board of Directors on 19 February, 2018) sets
out ROVI’s commitment to fight against corruption and bribery. Specifically, the Code of Ethics expressly rejects
any practice that includes bribery and corruption as a way to obtain a decision in favour of ROVI Group companies
and any practice intended to do business using improper means is prohibited. Likewise, the Code of Ethics prohibits
any ROVI employee from offering a third party any kind of benefit intended to unlawfully influence, or given with the
intention of unlawfully influencing, said person’s capacity to adopt objective and lawful business decisions. Likewise,
ROVI employees are expressly prohibited from accepting any form of corruption or bribery that may be offered by
a third party.
- The Group has an Anti-Bribery Policy (the update of which was approved by the Board of Directors on 10
September, 2020) that prohibits: (i) any form of bribery, (ii) corruption between private individuals, and (iii) influence
peddling, and in which the guidelines for action and the precautions that all ROVI Group employees should adopt
to prevent and mitigate the risks related to corruption and bribery are set out. Said Policy also includes the rules on
courtesies, gifts and hospitality.
37