LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
ROVI also makes the Ethics Channel available to its own workforce as a communication mechanism whereby its employees,
among other stakeholders, may report any irregularity they detect in the Group in relation to regulatory compliance or ethics.
The Works Council takes part in the investigation of the case unless the whistleblower expressly requests otherwise. The
concerns and worries of the workforce are also expressed at meetings with the Works Council.
The ultimate responsibility for handling these cases is held by the Human Resources Manager, the Internal Audit Manager and
the Head of Compliance. In the case of the relationship with the workers’ representatives, it is held by the Human Resources
Manager. Likewise, no formal evaluation is currently made in relation to engagement with the Company’s own workforce.
Additionally, ROVI has suggestion boxes intended to enable the workforce to communicate improvements they have identified
on an anonymous basis. The Performance Team checks the content of these suggestion boxes from time to time and, once they
have analysed it, provides the employees with feedback.
Finally, ROVI takes the members of its workforce with disabilities into consideration by implementing accessibility measures at
all its centres, ensuring an accessible and equitable workplace environment for all its employees and promoting a culture of
diversity and inclusion within the Company.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S1-3: Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels
for own workforce to raise concerns
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the processes that ROVI applies to remediate its
negative impacts and the channels available to the members of its workforce to raise their concerns.
ROVI has made several internal channels available to its workforce to enable the Company to receive and review suggestions,
complaints or queries, using both physical and digital mailboxes to receive such communications.
Regarding processes to help remediate any negative impacts that may be caused, ROVI has the Ethics Channel, as mentioned
before. The Group has appointed an external manager of the Ethics Channel, who receives all the communications, allowing
whistleblowers to remain anonymous if they so wish, while still having access to a secure mailbox.
To ensure the privacy of the whistleblowers who use the Channel, ROVI has established the following criteria:
• The Policy on the Internal Whistleblowing and Whistleblower Protection System, approved by the Board of Directors and
published on the Group’s website, ensures the confidentiality of all communications submitted through the Ethics
Channel.
• Channel users are protected by the right to confidentiality and non-retaliation.
The reports are subsequently investigated and resolved by the Ethics Channel Management Committee, formed by the Internal
Audit Manager, the Head of Compliance and the Human Resources Manager. Likewise, the Ethics Channel Committee
proposes action plans to correct any infringements declared to be proven during the investigation. The cases received through
the Ethics Channel are notified to the Audit Committee every four months and an annual summary report is submitted to the
Board of Directors.
ROVI’s own workers know of the existence of this channel and the Ethics Channel Policy, which was updated in 2024, since
they are available on the ROVI Group website under the “Ethics Channel” section. However, ROVI does not evaluate the degree
of trust that its workers place in these mechanisms.
Likewise, the person responsible for Corporate Social Responsibility at ROVI periodically checks the physical and digital
mailboxes and shares the information with the departments responsible and, when applicable, the Social Performance Team.
This team has a meeting with management and workers’ representatives at least every six months to inform them of the
communications it has received, analyse the information, provide feedback to the employees and plan actions. Each year, a
report compiling all the communications and the measures adopted is prepared and distributed to all employees through internal
channels. In 2024, 117 communications were received through this channel.
105