LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
7.- INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETY
7.1.- Commitment to sustainable development:
ROVI has a strong commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility, which materialises in co-operation with a series of
non-profit organisations with a marked social nature. Thus, in 2018, it continued to co-operate with the Granada Red
Cross in its child assistance and protection projects; with Proyecto Hombre Granada, in the continuity of its social
reintegration activities; and with Fundación Recover, co-operating in its programmes to improve healthcare in Africa.
The Company has continued to bet on co-operation with entities that work on the integration and mainstreaming of
persons with disabilities through sport, such as Fundación También and Fundación Deporte & Desafío.
Working with many of these foundations, ROVI has been able to expand the corporate volunteering activities available,
so that ROVI employees can get to know the world of disability first-hand, thanks to our inclusive sports events, such as
the Adaptive Skiing Campus in Sierra Nevada (Granada), the Adaptive Descent of the River Sella (Asturias), the VII
Sponsored Race of Madrid, and the Eco Trekking and Multisports Days (both in Madrid). In 2018, 135 ROVI employees
took part in some of the activities scheduled by the CSR Area.
Furthermore, continuing with its policy of promoting healthy living habits and co-operation with non-profit entities that
work to include groups at risk or to improve healthcare in different countries, ROVI co-operated, for the first time, as a
sponsor for several charity races, such as the VII Charity Race for Mental Health, organised by Fundación Manantial in
Madrid, or the I Medicusmundi South Charity Race South, organised by Medicusmundi South (Granada).
Fundación Prodis also joined the list of foundations that co-operate with ROVI in 2018. In this case, through a dual
channel: Prodis helped the company in the process of recruiting a person with Down’s syndrome for ROVI’s Human
Resources Department, while its Special Employment Centre worked with the Corporate Social Responsibility
Department as a supplier of sports material for corporate volunteering (T-shirts, caps, etc.). Thus, Prodis joined other
suppliers, such as ISS Facility Services (Gelim), Ilunion or Fundación Manantial, which are engaged to provide certain
services performed by persons with disabilities.
Additionally, throughout 2018, ROVI continued the work of the Donations Committee, which channels the requests for
co-operation that ROVI receives from healthcare organisations and social or humanitarian entities. Its mission is to
review each application and check that it complies with current legislation, the Code of Good Practices of the
Pharmaceutical Industry and ROVI’s Code of Ethics.
- Commitment to research
ROVI is fully committed to supporting medical research and uses a significant part of its resources to promote it. Over
recent years, it has been carrying on intensive research activity to foment the prevention and knowledge of certain
diseases, in order to improve patient health and quality of life. At the same time, ROVI focuses on supporting co-
operative research, holding important co-operation agreements with different public bodies and universities, such as the
co-operation agreement with the University of Granada, with which it aims to combine efforts to increase scientific,
technological and training activities, as well as to spread knowledge.
30