ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
C.1.39 Identify individually for directors, and generally in other cases, and provide detail of any agreements
made between the company and its directors, executives or employees containing indemnity or
golden parachute clauses in the event of resignation or dismissal or termination of employment
without cause following a takeover bid or any other type of transaction.
Number of beneficiaries 3
Beneficiary Description of agreement
-Mr Juan López-Belmonte Encina: The Company holds a service agreement
with the chief executive officer. In particular, the causes for termination of
the contract and the consequences thereof have been adapted to the latest
changes made by the CNMV to the Good Governance Code in June 2020,
which were in turn added to the executive directors’ contracts following the
review at the end of 2020. Thus, if the contractual relationship ends, a
MR JUAN LÓPEZ-BELMONTE ENCINA, MR JAVIER provision is made for an indemnity to the director of a gross sum
LÓPEZ-BELMONTE ENCINA AND MR IVÁN LÓPEZ- equivalent to the two times the arithmetic average of the total annual
BELMONTE ENCINA compensation for the last three full years immediately preceding the
contract termination date, except in the cases of (i) resignation from the
position of director for reasons other than those included in the contract or
(ii) revocation by the Company due to the director’s failure to perform the
duties established by law, contract or internal regulations, or the existence
of a cause for fair dismissal in accordance with labour legislation (apart
from unilateral termination by the employer). – Messrs Javier López-
Belmonte Encina and Iván López-Belmonte Encina: The Company has
signed employment contracts with these executive directors. In particular,
regarding causes for termination of the contracts and the consequences
thereof, the employment contracts refer to the provisions of the Workers’
Statute.
State if these contracts have been communicated to and/or approved by management bodies of the
company or of the Group. If they have, specify the procedures, events and nature of the bodies
responsible for their approval or for communicating this:
Board of Directors General shareholders’
meeting
Body authorising the severance √
clauses
Yes No
Are these clauses notified to the
√
General Shareholders’ Meeting?
In order to meet the provisions of article 249 of the Capital Companies Law, the aforementioned executive director contracts (and the
amendments) were approved by the Board of Directors before they were signed, with the vote in favour of two thirds of the members
(specifically, a unanimous vote on the part of the directors). The director involved in each case abstained from attending the deliberations
and voting.
C.2. Committees of the board of directors
C.2.1 Provide details of all committees of the board of directors, their membership, and the proportion of
executive, proprietary, independent and other external directors that comprise them:
Audit Committee
Name Post Category
29 / 65