Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
b.1) If the development and commercialisation is performed internally:
• 350 thousand euros after finishing successfully the development of clinical trials of phase 1. Part of this amount, 100
thousand euros, was settled in 2011 and 250 thousand euros were settled in 2014;
• A payment of 200 thousand euros after finishing successfully the development of clinical trials of phase 2. This
payment was made in 2016;
• A payment of 300 thousand euros after successfully finishing the development of clinical trials of phase 3 . This
payment was made in 2020;
• A payment of 200 thousand euros at the beginning of the marketing of any pharmaceutical product;
• A payment of 200 thousand euros at the beginning of the marketing of any pharmaceutical product in any of the
main markets (USA, Japan, Germany, France, Italy or UK).
b.2) If the development and marketing is performed by third parties:
• 5% of the revenues obtained by Rovi from the development and marketing of the products by third parties (net of
direct or indirect production costs and administration expenses).
Payments for the internal development or marketing detailed in section b.1) exclude those performed under section b.2)
and vice versa, but if Rovi completes clinical development phases 1 and 2 and entrusts the subsequent phases to a third
party or performs them for a third party, this clause will apply, but the payments made for phases 1 and 2 under section
b.1) will be deducted.
The work and clinical trials for development of the products mentioned in point a) above are progressing as planned.
30. Remuneration of the Board of Directors and Senior Management
At 31 December, 2020, the Board of Directors was composed of the following members:
Mr Juan López-Belmonte López Chairman
Mr Iván López-Belmonte Encina First Deputy Chairman
Mr Javier López-Belmonte Encina Second Deputy Chairman
Mr Juan López-Belmonte Encina Chief Executive Officer
Mr Marcos Peña Pinto Director
Mr Fernando de Almansa Moreno-Barreda Director
Ms Fátima Báñez García Director
The non-director Secretary is Mr. Gabriel Núñez Fernández.
54