Commitment to sustainability
In 2022, ROVI approved its ESG Master Plan 2023-2025, a document that sets out 19
strategic ESG goals. With a three-year horizon, the Group has established a roadmap for
attaining the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations Agenda
2030, with which ROVI, as a member of the Global Compact, is aligned.
The Group focuses its action on five priority areas:
• Becoming a leader in governance committed to sustainability.
• Commitment to sustainable management to combat the global environmental
challenges: fight against climate change, promotion of the circular economy and
efficient water management.
• Positioning itself as a key player in caring for persons and integrating specialised
and diverse talent.
• Promoting responsible management of the supply chain, ensuring ethical and
environmental standards in each one of its links.
• Promoting R&D&I activities by establishing partnerships with key players.
In addition, ROVI, as a member of the United Nations Global Compact, upholds, by
adopting and disseminating it, the inclusion of the principles of this Compact, as well as
other international instruments, especially in the spheres of human rights, workplace
practices, the environment and the fight against corruption.
KEY OPERATING AND FINANCIAL
EVENTS
ROVI provides information and guidance on its strategic plan for
expansion and growth
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 2290 dated 24th of
June 2024) that the Company expects that, given its differential characteristics,
Risperidone ISM® will reach potential sales of between 200 and 300 million euros
globally in upcoming years and will become a significant player worldwide in the field of
long-acting injectables to treat schizophrenia.
ROVI has likewise informed that in June 2024, the Group obtained the European
authorities’ approval for the commencement of commercial activity at its new sodium
heparin plant in Escúzar (Granada). Thus, ROVI is positioned as one of the largest
pharmaceutical industrial groups in Spain, with eight fully-integrated plants and a ninth
under construction.
The Group has five plants to manufacture its own products and three for contract
manufacturing. In Andalusia, it has three plants for its own manufacturing: two
26