Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
In 2010, the government approved two packages of measures to reduce pharmaceutical spending. The first one focused
on generic products, which are those out of patent, for which it established an average reduction of 25% in the selling price
to laboratories. The second package addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. Since that time, a 7.5% discount
has been applied to the selling price to the public. The Group recognises the amounts relating to these measures as a
decrease in sales.
Since 2017, the Spanish government and the members of Farmaindustria, which include ROVI, have signed different
agreements whereby the members assume the commitment to make certain contributions to the Public Health System.
The Company recognises the sums accrued for these commitments as a reduction in sales.
4. Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s global risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of
the financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the Company’s Treasury Department, which, following policies approved by the Board
of Directors, identifies, assesses and hedges financial risks. This Department identifies, assesses and hedges the financial
risks in close co-operation with the Company’s operating units. The Audit Committee analyses policies for global risk
management, as well as for specific areas, such as interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess liquidity.
a) Market risk
(i) Exchange rate risk
Foreign exchange risk is low as (i) virtually all the Company’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) the majority of the
transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies other
than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of exchange-rate risk. At 31 December, 2021,
the Company held instruments of this kind for a value of 5,000 thousand dollars (13,500 thousand dollars in 2020), the
measurement of which led to recognition of a loss of 17 thousand euros at the 2021 reporting date (at 31 December, 2020,
the loss originating from measurement of these assets was 925 thousand euros). If, at 31 December, 2021, the exchange
rate had been 10% higher, ROVI would have incurred a loss of 502 thousand euros and, if the exchange rate had been
10% lower, ROVI would have recorded a profit of 392 thousand euros from the measurement of these assets (at 31
December, 2020, the effect would have been a loss of 1,925 euros and a profit of 297 euros, respectively).
At 31 December, 2021, the Company held assets for an amount of 1,094 thousand zlotys (500 thousand zlotys at 31
December, 2020). If the interest rate at the reporting date had been 10% higher, the value in euros of these assets
denominated in zlotys would have decreased by 24 thousand euros 10 thousand euros in 2020) and if the exchange rate
had been 10% lower, their value would have increased by 24 thousand euros (12 thousand euros in 2020).
(ii) Price risk
The Company is exposed to price risk on equity securities because of investments held by the Company and classified on
the statement of financial positon as available for sale or held at fair value through profit and loss. The Company is not
exposed to commodity price risk. To manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities, the Company
diversifies its portfolio in accordance with the limits set. The Company does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
At 31 December, 2021 and 2020, a change in the quoted price of equity securities would have had no effect on the
Company’s statement of financial position.
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
The Company is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on long-term borrowing transactions at variable rates.
21