Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
• Fundación para el Desarrollo Integral de los Pueblos, with which ROVI co-operates in the acquisition of
teaching and educational material for schools in Callao (Peru).
- Social Protection
• Fundación La Sal de la Tierra (Alcalá de Henares), by donating industrial kitchen material that it has reused for
the soup kitchens they have in Alcalá de Henares, Alicante and Vigo.
• Fundación Pilares, whose purpose is guidance and assistance for people who are highly dependent on others.
• Club Deportivo Elemental Entrevías-El Pozo, non-profit club the purpose of which is to promote sport and the
participation in sports competitions among children and adolescents at risk of social exclusion.
Commitment to research
ROVI is fully committed to supporting medical research and uses a significant part of its resources to promote it.
Although, on occasions, the economic circumstances are particularly difficult, it is up to all of us to prioritize research and
development in order to respond to the huge challenges that exist in health matters. Therefore, over recent years, it has
been carrying on intensive research activity to foment the prevention and knowledge of certain diseases, in order to
improve patient health and quality of life.
At the same time, ROVI strongly supports collaborative research and is aware that the formation of research consortia is,
today, needed and required by the “knowledge society”. Therefore, it has, for years, endeavoured to hold co-operation
agreements with other leading benchmark companies in the sector, biotechnological companies, spin-offs, Universities
and Public Research Centres, thus reflecting its commitment to creating a dynamic ecosystem of knowledge excellence
at national, inter-institutional and multidisciplinary level.
This research work is reflected in the support received by the Company’s main research lines from important national
entities, such as the Industrial Technological Development Centre (CDTI) and the Technological Corporation of
Andalusia (CTA), both of which made several visits to evaluate and monitor projects during 2019.
The Company likewise co-operates with scientific societies of different types in supporting the health professionals’ quest
for innovation. An example is the SEFH/ROVI Hospital Pharmacy Development awards, which have been awarded jointly
with the Spanish Hospital Pharmacy Society (SEFH) for the last three years and which recognise projects that represent
the contribution of innovative and beneficial solutions for patient well-being and quality of life.
Commitment to training
In order for qualified students to enter a work environment and improve their skills, knowledge and experience, the
Company has a training programme underway in the organisation. In this respect, there are co-operation agreements
with 73 educational centres (universities, institutes, centres imparting official training programmes and business schools)
all over Spain. This practical training helps students to start their working life in a professional work environment. In 2019,
ROVI awarded scholarships to 45 people, 11 of whom obtained an employment contract with the Company before their
scholarship had ended.
34