LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
established guidelines. This includes providing solutions to the person making the consultation or complaint, informing them, if
seen fit, on the causes and the measures taken, if seen fit, as far as this is possible.
In cases of complaints where patients are involved, it is crucial to notify the Pharmacovigilance Department within a period of no
longer than 24 hours as of receipt of the complaint. Likewise, if necessary, the Product Management and the Incident
Department are also informed, photographs and/or samples are sent to the manufacturer for inspection and analysis, the related
documentation is reviewed and, finally, if necessary, the product would be removed from the market. To close the complaint,
when the investigation report is received from the supplier, the Quality Department reviews it and notifies the outcome to the
complainant. Furthermore, a weekly report including the complaints received and the status of all those received to date must be
sent to the Quality Manager.
These responsibilities ensure systematic and efficient management of the consultations and complaints, guaranteeing adequate
communication and accurate documentation on each case.
The relationship that ROVI establishes with healthcare professionals is conducted basically through visits by sales
representatives and congresses and training sessions. The Marketing and Medical Departments are responsible for designing
the training activities relevant to healthcare professionals. Likewise, all the activities proposed are submitted to a prior internal
review to ensure compliance with the applicable internal and external regulations (for example, the Group Ethical Marketing
Policy, the Medicines Act in Spain, advertising laws, or the Code of Good Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry approved by
Farmaindustria).
The review of the design of the training activities organised or sponsored by ROVI is assigned to the Deontological Supervision
Department which, in turn, forms part of the Group’s Regulatory Compliance Department, responsible for this activity.
Subsequently, ROVI conducts an evaluation of the efficacy of compliance with ethical marketing regulations in its interactions
with healthcare professionals. This evaluation is twofold:
– The Deontological Supervision Department reviews of the execution of some of the activities approved previously (the
activities to be reviewed are selected by sampling).
– The Internal Audit Department conducts quarterly audits to check compliance with the rules of the Code of Good
Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry in the activities carried out by ROVI’s sales network. The reports setting out
the results of these audits are presented to the Audit Committee, which forwards them to the Compliance Department.
In both cases, the Sales and Marketing Departments are informed of the results of the reviews to enable them to define
improvement plans if necessary.
Additionally, ROVI identifies consumers with rare diseases as an especially vulnerable group due to the nature of its business.
Thus, the Group has created Terafront Pharmatech, a business collaboration for pharmaceutical innovation with the Ministry of
Science, Innovation and Universities, Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (an investment company of the Centre
for the Development of Industrial Technology, CDTI, and Insu Pharma S.L., the purpose of which is the investigation and
development of advanced therapies for little-known diseases.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S4-3: Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels
for consumers and end-users to raise concerns
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the processes that ROVI has in place to mitigate
or remediate its negative impacts, as well as the channels available to consumers and end-users to raise their concerns.
For ROVI, the main negative impact it could cause is related to product quality, since this has a direct effect on patient health
and safety. Therefore, the Group has a number of processes through which it addresses the possible problems that its
consumers and end-users might encounter.
First, the Company has the pharmacovigilance processes necessary to adequate monitoring of the benefit/risk balance of the
Company’s medicines. At ROVI, the Group head of Pharmacovigilance is the qualified person responsible for ensuring this
supervision and monitoring. Healthcare professionals, patients or any other person who wishes to report an adverse reaction to
131