6
(Translation from the original in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails.)
– Conclude on the appropriateness of the Parent's Directors' use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as
a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated annual accounts or, if
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
– Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated annual accounts,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated annual accounts represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves a true and fair view.
– Obtain sufficient appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated annual accounts.
We are responsible for the management, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the audit committee of the Parent regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Parent's audit committee with a statement that we have complied with the
applicable ethical requirements, including those regarding independence, and to communicate with
them all matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where
applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated to the audit committee of the Parent, we determine those that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated annual accounts of the current period and
which are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Additional Report to the Audit Committee of the Parent ____________________
The opinion expressed in this report is consistent with our additional report to the Parent's audit
committee dated 23 February 2021.