LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
practically all sales of patented prescription medicines in Spain. Through this collaboration, ROVI has a positive impact on all its
stakeholders, particularly patients and healthcare professionals.
ROVI’s CEO, Juan López-Belmonte, as the Group’s chief representative, is responsible for supervising ROVI’s activities related
to Farmaindustria. The aspects covered by this association concern pharmaceutical regulation, in which ROVI collaborates as a
member of the association, which makes decisions on a collective basis.
Likewise, ROVI is registered in the EU Transparency Register, due to the Group’s intention to adhere to a European
Commission working group that deals with matters related to essential medicines. In this case, the contact person is the Group’s
Head of Communication and Corporate Social Responsibility. Additionally, the Company has adhered to the codes of ethics of
the different countries in which it operates, specifically those of Portugal (APIFARMA) and Germany (AKG), in addition to
following the recommendations issued by the WHO and EPFIA.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that, in this context, ROVI does not make any direct or indirect contributions to political
campaigns, political parties or candidates. Neither does the Group have any member of its administrative, management or
supervisory bodies who held a comparable position in the Public Administration in the two years prior to their appointment in
their current term of office.
◦ Disclosure Requirement G1-6: Payment practices
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the Group’s payment practices.
In order to ensure sustainability in the supply chain, ROVI monitors its value chain and, consequently, its suppliers and other
value chain participants. In 2024, the Company was in constant contact with all its suppliers to ensure proper management and
prompt payment of their invoices
In this respect, the Group works with over 2,076 suppliers from 32 different countries. In 2024, the average payment period was
47.48 days, having been 54.70 days in 2023. The Group’s usual payment periods are between 30 and 60 days, 90% of
payments being made within 60 days, in accordance with the maximum legal periods provided for in Law 3/2004 of 29
December and subsequent amendments thereto, which established measures to fight against late payment in commercial
transactions. This figure was calculated applying the criteria set out in the third additional provision of Law 15/2010 of 5 July,
amending Law 3/2004 of 29 December whereby measures to combat late payment in commercial transactions were
established. Likewise, in 2024, ROVI had no legal proceedings pending due to payment delays of this type.
147