Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
and clarifies important areas, such as prudence and measurement uncertainty. It applies to annual periods
commencing on or after 1 January, 2020 to issuers who develop accounting policies based on the Conceptual
Framework.
• IFRS 3 (Amendment) “Business Combinations”. In October 2018, the IASB issued a limited-scope amendment
to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” in order to improve the definition of “business”. This Amendment will help
companies to determine whether they have acquired a business or a group of assets. Entities are required to
apply the amended definition of “business” to acquisitions made on or after 1 January, 2020. Early adoption is
permitted. ROVI will take the new definitions into account in the event that a transaction requiring this
determination to be made takes place.
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAC 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” and IFRS 7
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (Amendment – Phase 1): Reform of interest rate benchmarks. This
Amendment changes the specific requirements of hedge accounting, assuming that the interest rate
benchmark on which the hedged cash flows are based and the cash flows of the hedging instrument will not
change as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform. The entry into force of this Amendment is not
expected to have a material impact for ROVI.
• IFRS 16 (Amendment) “Leases”. In response to the coronavirus pandemic caused by COVID-19, this
Amendment authorises lessees not to account for rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the
COVID-19 pandemic as lease modifications if they meet certain conditions This Amendment came into force on
1 June, 2020 and has had no effect on ROVI.
In 2019, IFRS 16 “Leases”, which replaced IAS 17 “Leases”, IFRIC 4, SIC 15 and SIC 27, became mandatory. IFRS 16
establishes a single accounting model for lessees, who will include all leases (with limited exceptions) in their statements
of financial position with an impact similar to that of the former finance leases (there will be depreciation of the right-of-
use asset and a finance expense for the amortised cost of the liability, the expense accruing more swiftly under IFRS
16).
IFRS 16 states that lessees must recognise a financial liability for the present value of the payments to be made over the
remaining life of the lease contract and an asset for the right of use of the underlying asset, which is measured on the
basis of the associated liability, to which any initial direct costs incurred are added. Additionally, the criterion for
recognising the lease expense changes and it is now recognised as an expense for depreciation of the asset and a
financial expense for the discounting of the lease liability. In respect of the current accounting by the lessor, the rules do
not change substantially and the lessor must continue to classify the lease as operating or financial, depending on the
degree to which the risks and rewards of ownership are substantially transferred.
In 2019, the Group, as an asset lessee, evaluated the first application of the Standard, identifying the lease contracts that
may fall within the scope of IFRS 16. To do this, the Group:
- Reviewed the lease contracts and grouped them by type: leases on the real estate where it carries out its
principal activities, vehicle leases and computer equipment leases.
- Applied the recognition exemption for underlying assets with a low value (less than 5,000 US dollars)
and a short term (12 months or less). The computer equipment in its entirety was considered as a single
underlying asset and, therefore, the low-value exemption was not applied to it.
- In the case of vehicles, the present value of the payments was determined on the basis of the
commitment that the Group had.
9