LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Resulting list of material topics
ESRS Codification Topic Sub-topic
Climate change adaptation
ESRS E1 Climate change Climate change mitigation
Energy
Air pollution
Water pollution
ESRS E2 Pollution Soil pollution
Substances of very high concern
Microplastics
ESRS E3 Water and marine resources Water4
Resource inflows, including resource use
Resource use and circular
ESRS E5 Resource outflows related to products and services
economy
Waste
Working conditions
ESRS S1 Own workforce Equal treatment and opportunities for all
Other work-related rights
Working conditions
ESRS S2 Workers in the value chain Equal treatment and opportunities for all
Other work-related rights5
Personal safety of consumers and/or end users
ESRS S4 Consumers and end-users Social inclusion of consumer s and/or end-users
Information-related impacts on consumers and/or end-
users6
Corporate culture
Whistleblower protection
Animal welfare
ESRS G1 Business conduct Political influence and lobbying activities
Management of relationships wit h suppliers including
payment practices
Corruption and bribery
Additionally, the entity-specific topic “Digitalisation and artificial intelligence” was identified as material since it had three
opportunities that exceeded the established threshold.
A total of 121 impacts, 9 opportunities and 13 risks were found to be associated to the topics mentioned above after applying
the materiality threshold established, making a total of 143 material IROs for the Group.
These topics were considered material because they met the criterion from the impact perspective or the financial perspective
or both. This double consideration ensures that the topics are not only material for stakeholders but are also critical for the
organisation’s financial performance and long-term sustainability.
The importance of the material IROs is represented in the bar chart that shows the scores broken down by material sub-topic
(above the established threshold) on a scale from 01 to 05. On the left, the negative impacts and risks are shown and, on the
right, the positive impacts and opportunities.
4 The material sub-sub-topics as they result from ESRS E2 Water and marine resources were “water consumption” and “water discharges”..
5 The sub-topic “working time was excluded since it was not material as it was below the established threshold.
6 The sub-topic “privacy” was excluded since it was not material as it was below the established threshold.
23