Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
regarded as coinciding with the amount for which they are recognised (Note 18). Measurement of reimbursable
advances without an interest rate at market price is classified as Level 2.
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Critical accounting estimates and judgements are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and
other factors, including expectations of future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
4.1 Critical estimates and assumptions
The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
definition, rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next reporting period are outlined below.
a) Recoverability of intangible assets
Under the caption “Trademarks and licences”, assets with indefinite useful lives were recognised for an amount of 5,366
thousand euros at 31 December, 2020 and 2019. Management reviews these assets for indications of impairment on an
annual basis, although there has been none to date. The recoverable value, which was higher than the carrying amount
at the end of both reporting periods, has been obtained by projecting the forecast cash flows for the following five years.
b) Capitalisation of development expenses
The Group considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, a biosimilar of enoxaparin, has met
all the requirements mentioned in note 2.7.c) since last quarter of 2014, when an application was filed with the European
health authorities to obtain authorisation for the marketing of this biosimilar in Europe. Therefore, from that time until the
effective comercialisation in Europe of this biosimilar, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalised.
Amortisation of this asset commenced during the first quarter of 2017, with the favourable result of the decentralised
process used by the Group to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union countries. These assets
have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI considers that it
will obtain a positive return on said development over that period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Group considers that the
requirements established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
c) Co-operation Agreement between the government and Farmaindustria
In 2016, Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry association, and the Spanish government signed a co-
operation agreement. After subsequent renewals, this agreement was in force until 31 December, 2019. According to the
agreement, in the event that public spending on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilars) exceeded the actual
growth rate of the GDP of the Spanish economy, the pharmaceutical industry had to reimburse the government for said
excess in cash. ROVI has recognised the estimated amount of this item as a decrease in sales.
30