LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
3.3.- Policies and commitments
One of the key tools to ensure correct management of environmental aspects is the introduction of an environmental
management system based on the criteria established by the international standard ISO 14001:2015. These
certifications recognise the quality of ROVI’s environmental management system and assure its commitment to the
environment in terms that go beyond current national legislation. Therefore, at all ROVI’s production facilities, production
management respectful of the environment is fostered, meaning a constant effort to reduce energy consumption and
manage waste more efficiently.
The ROVI Group has a department that is responsible exclusively for aspects related to environmental management, as
well as those concerning workplace health and safety throughout the Group, and an Integrated Environmental
Management and Occupational Hazard Prevention Policy which governs ROVI’s activities in respect of environmental
issues, most recently updated in June 2017. Within its project of environmental management and workplace health and
safety, ROVI assumes not only compliance with current legal requirements and the different third-party requirements that
it meets voluntarily, but also the concept of sustainable development. ROVI’s vocation is to be a business project that is
sustainable in environmental terms and committed to the prevention of any damage to or deterioration in people’s health.
In relation to environmental queries, ROVI has a corporate communication, participation and query procedure, though
which communications (queries, complaints, etc.) related to the environment and workplace health and safety are
managed. On the corporate website (www.rovi.es), the environmental certificates held by group companies are available
to the public.
As mentioned previously, ROVI has a Corporate Procedure for Risk and Opportunity Management, which defines the
work method that allows environmental risks and opportunities to be detected, together with the action plan to address
them. Additionally, ROVI has a Procedure for Identification and Assessment of Environmental Aspects, which sets out
how environmental risks should be identified, communicated and quantified, with, likewise, a Procedure for Identification
and Assessment of Legal Aspects.
ROVI also has a Procedure for Management of Non-Conformity, Preventive and Corrective Actions, which sets out the
mechanisms for the identification of deviations (in quality or work procedures), the implementation of actions to correct
these deviations and the procedures to prevent them (preventive actions).
Among its operating procedures, ROVI has specific waste, noise and discharge management procedures, which are
intended to establish the methodology to follow to control waste, noise in the external environment and liquid discharges
generated at ROVI’s production plants, respectively.
3.4.- Results of application of the policies and indicators
The result of the policies and procedures applied by ROVI in environmental issues is, year after year, a favourable
assessment of the Group’s integrated environmental management system, both internally and externally by the firms
issuing the certificates. Additionally, the whole system is periodically reviewed with the management of the different
centres and the points on which these reviews are based include any improvement opportunities and significant changes
that may affect the system and/or environmental management.
8