Free translation of the 2019 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2019 Consolidated Management Report
5.2 Financial risks
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of the Group are
detailed below:
- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: this risk is low because (i) virtually all the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a
majority of the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant
amount in currencies other than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of
exchange-rate risk. At 31 December, 2019, the Group held instruments of this kind for a value of 26,500
thousand euros, the measurement of which at the 2019 reporting date did not lead to recognition of significant
losses.
b) Price risk: the Group is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and
classified as available for sale on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk
arising from investments in equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in
accordance with the limits set by the Group. The Group does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
c) Interest rate risk: the Group is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial debt
transactions at variable rates. Group policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt with
government entities by obtaining reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the case
of bank debt, to obtain cash flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the impact of
interest-rate risk to a minimum.
d) Raw material price risk: the Group is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied. To minimise this risk, the Group mantains
a diversified portfolio of suppliers and manages its stock levels efficiently.
- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed by groups. The credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, long-term financial investments,
deposits held at call in banks and financial institutions and other receivables available for sale, as well as from
wholesalers and retailers, including accounts receivables and committed transactions. The Group monitors the solvency
of these assets by reviewing external credit ratings and qualifying internally assets which are not externally rated.
It should be mentioned here that despite this management work, the Regional Government continue to be extremely
slow in making payments for pharmaceutical supplies, to the detriment of companies operating in this sector. Despite
this, the Group’s financial position is sound and its liquidity unaffected.
15