Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
estimated outstanding tax on the sales made and possible adjustments to the tax in the light of the actual sales for the
period.
During 2010, the Spanish government approved a reduction of the pharmaceutical expenditure of 2,800 million euros
through the introduction of two packages of pricing legislation. The first one was approved in March 2010 and was
focused on generic products. With regard to these products, which are those out of patent, the reduction was 25% on
average applied to the selling price to laboratories. The second package, which was approved in May 2010 and applied
as from June 2010, addressed pharmaceutical products under patent. A discount of 7.5% was applied to the selling price
to the public for these products. The Company has recognized the amounts relating to these measures as a decrease in
sales.
4. Financial risk management
4.1 Financial risk factors
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s global risk management program focuses on the unpredictability
of the financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the Company’s Treasury Department, which, following policies approved by the
Board of Directors, identifies, assesses and hedges financial risks. This Department identifies, assesses and hedges the
financial risks in close co-operation with the Company’s operating units. The Audit Committee analyzes policies for global
risk management, as well as for specific areas, such as interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess
liquidity. The Company does not use derivatives to hedge financial risks.
a) Market risk
(i) Exchange rate risk
Foreign exchange risk is very low as (i) virtually all the Company’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) the majority of
the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in currencies
other than the euro are sometimes hedged with exchange rate insurance contracts.
At 31 December, 2017 and 2016, there were no financial assets or liabilities in currencies other than the euro.
(ii) Price risk
The Company is exposed to price risk on equity securities because of investments held by the Company and classified
on the statement of financial positon as available for sale or held at fair value through profit and loss. The Company is
not exposed to price risk on quoted raw materials. To manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities,
the Company diversifies its portfolio in accordance with the limits set. The Company does not use derivatives to hedge
price risk.
22