Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Critical accounting estimates and judgements are continuously assessed and are based on historical experience and other
factors, including expectations of future events deemed reasonable under the circumstances.
4.1 Critical estimates and assumptions
The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next reporting period are outlined below.
Regarding the impact of climate change-related issues, ROVI considers climate change to represent an implicit element
of the methodologies and models used in the estimates made by Management to quantify some of the assets, liabilities,
revenues, expenses and commitments. The Group has taken account of the possible implications that may derive from
climate change and considers that there was no material impact in any area as of the reporting date.
a) Recoverability of intangible assets
Under the caption “Trademarks and licences”, assets with indefinite useful lives were recognised for an amount of 5,366
thousand euros at 31 December, 2021 and 2020. Management reviews these assets for indications of impairment on an
annual basis, although there has been none to date. The recoverable value, which was higher than the carrying amount
at the end of both reporting periods, has been obtained by projecting the forecast cash flows for the following five years.
b) Capitalisation of development expenses
The Group considers that its development project for a low-molecular-weight heparin, a biosimilar of enoxaparin, has met
all the requirements mentioned in note 2.7.c) since last quarter of 2014, when an application was filed with the European
health authorities to obtain authorisation for the marketing of this biosimilar in Europe. Therefore, from that time until the
effective commercialisation in Europe of this biosimilar, all the expenses incurred in this project have been capitalised.
Amortisation of this asset commenced during the first quarter of 2017, with the favourable result of the decentralised
process used by the Group to apply for marketing authorisation in twenty-six European Union countries. These assets
have a useful life of 20 years, which is consistent with the term of pharmaceutical product patents. ROVI considers that it
will obtain a positive return on said development over that period.
For the rest of the Research and Development projects that ROVI is conducting, the Group considers that the requirements
established in the rules on capitalisation of the associated development expenses have not yet been met.
c) Co-operation Agreement between the government and Farmaindustria
As a member of Farmaindustria, the Group holds a commitment to assume and pay part of the interannual increase in the
pharmaceutical spending of the Autonomous Communities, in accordance with reimbursement mechanisms established
between the parties for each year.
The amounts payable estimated by Management are based on the evolution of public spending on medicines (excluding
generics and biosimilars) and the Group’s market share, among other factors.
4.2 Critical judgements in applying the accounting policies
Revenue recognition
The Group has recognised the total sales of goods marketed in 2021 and 2020 as revenue at face value and has, when
applicable, claimed late payment interest from the public authorities. The buyer has the right to return the goods sold.
Although the Group believes that, based on previous experience, the level of returns will not be very meaningful, ROVI
26