Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
impairment losses on non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed at each reporting date to see whether then
can be reversed.
2.10 Financial instruments
Financial instruments are classified upon initial recognition as financial assets or financial liabilities in accordance with the
economic nature of the contract and the definitions of financial asset and financial liability set out in IAS 32 “Financial
Instruments: Presentation”.
Financial instruments are recognised when the Group becomes an obliged party under a contract or legal transaction in
accordance with the provisions thereof. The Group recognises financial instrument purchase or sale transactions through
conventional contracts, defined as those in which the reciprocal obligations of the parties must be performed within a time
frame established by regulations or market conventions and which cannot be offset against each other, depending on the
type of asset at the contract or settlement date.
For measurement purposes, the Group classifies financial instruments in the categories of financial assets and liabilities
carried at fair value through profit and loss. The Group designates a financial asset or liability as fair value through profit
and loss upon initial recognition if, by so doing, it eliminates or significantly reduces an inconsistency in the measurement
or recognition that would arise otherwise, i.e. if the assets or liabilities or the recognition of the gain or loss thereon were
measured on different bases.
The Group holds forward contracts for the purchase or sale of foreign currency. Some of these insurance contracts are
considered derivative financial instruments that meet the conditions to be considered hedging instruments. Hedges that
cover foreign currency risk on the fair value of monetary financial assets and liabilities in foreign currency, including both
changes in the market value of the financial instruments designated as hedges and changes in the market value of the
hedged item caused by the hedged risk, are charged or credited to profit and loss, as appropriate.
Acquisition of own equity instruments
The Group classifies a financial instrument as a financial liability, in full or in part, provided that the substance of the
economic situation represents a direct or indirect contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or another financial
asset or to exchange financial assets and liabilities with third parties under potentially unfavourable conditions.
Contracts that impose on the Group an obligation to acquire own equity instruments, in cash or by delivering a financial
asset, are recognised in reserves as a financial liability for the present value of the amount payable. Transaction costs are
likewise recognised as a decrease in reserves.
2.11 Financial assets
a) Financial assets classification
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: financial assets measured at amortised cost and
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The classification depends on the purpose
for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial
recognition.
(i) Financial assets at amortised cost
Financial assets measured at amortised cost are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that
are not quoted in an active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities longer than 12 months after
the end of the reporting period, which are classified as non-current assets. Financial assets measured at amortised cost
are classified as “trade and other receivables” and “financial receivables”.
14