Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
a) Classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
Trade and other receivables and Cash and cash equivalents that were classified as loans and receivables
under International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 39 “Financial instruments: recognition and measurement” are
now classified at amortised cost. At 31 December, 2017, trade and other receivables were recognised initially at
fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision
for impairment.
Equity securities represent investments that the Group intends to hold in the future. As permitted by IFRS 9, the
Group has designated these investments at the date of initial application as measured at fair value through
profit and loss. The valuation of this type of assets was the same at 31 December, 2017.
b) Impairment of financial assets
IFRS 9 replaces the ‘incurred loss’ model in IAS 39 with an ‘expected credit loss’ (ECL) model. The new
impairment model applies to financial assets measured at amortised cost, contract assets and debt investments
at FVOCI. Under IFRS 9, credit losses are recognised earlier than under IAS 39. The impairment of financial
assets, including trade and lease receivables, is now assessed using an expected credit loss model; previously,
the incurred loss model was used.
The financial assets at amortised cost consist mainly of trade receivables.
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are presented separately as deductions from
the gross carrying amount of the assets.
Given the nature of ROVI´s financial assets, the entry into force of IFRS 9 has not had a sngificant impact on
its allowances for doubtful accounts or impairment.
The Group has taken an exemption not to restate comparative information for prior periods with respect to
classification and measurement (including impairment) requirements.
Exposures within each group were segmented based on the type of customer (government and non government
customers) and the months past due:
- At 1 January, 2018, government customers amounted to 5,663 thousand of euros. Trade and other
receivables of this type of customer relate to accounts receivables from government entities, on which,
in view of their nature and the information currently available, ROVI considers there to be a low credit
risk and thus no expected losses have been recorded The Group has a legal right to claim late
payment interest on these receivable from the different government entities.
9