• Committing to sustainable development in the face of the global environmental
challenges: combatting climate change, promoting a circular economy and
efficient water management.
• Advancing and promoting care of people and the integration of specialised talent.
• Driving responsible management of the supply chain by promoting ethical and
environmental standards in its different links.
• Promoting R&D&I activities by establishing partnerships with key players.
In addition, ROVI, as a member of the United Nations Global Compact, upholds, by
adopting and disseminating it, the inclusion of the principles of this Compact, as well as
other international instruments, especially in the spheres of human rights, workplace
practices, the environment and the fight against corruption.
KEY OPERATING AND FINANCIAL
EVENTS
ROVI provides an update on its strategy as part of its 2025 Capital
Markets Day
ROVI informed the market (by publication of the inside information number 2667 dated
25th March 2025) on its strategy for the next six years with a presentation at its 2025
Capital Markets Day.
ROVI is committed to investing in its business in order to increase its production
capacities and thus address the current imbalance between supply and demand,
reinforce the company’s internationalisation through Risperidone ISM® – its first
proprietary innovative product based on ISM® technology –, and strengthen its product
portfolio with new proprietary drugs based on ISM® technology, such as Letrozole SIE
and three-monthly risperidone. As a result of these investments, ROVI expects to
multiply its operating growth by between 1.5 and 1.8 by the year 2030, driven primarily
by its contract manufacturing business (CDMO), which is forecast to double its sales to
close to 700 million euros.
Thus, ROVI becomes one of the world leaders with the largest capacities in the
manufacture of high-value-added injectables (prefilled syringes, vials and cartridges).In
terms of EBITDA excluding research and development expenses, ROVI forecasts that
the 2024 figure will be multiplied by between 2.5 and 2.8, representing a bracket of from
583 million euros to 653 million euros, in 2030. This result reflects a sounder financial
performance and an improvement in operating margins in the next six years.
These prospects fall within the framework of the potential growth in the CDMO market,
which is favoured by the current imbalance between supply and demand in the
pharmaceutical market, added to the increase in innovative products and biosimilars,
which are leading the expansion of the injectables sector. At world level, injectables
24