Free translation of the 2017 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2017 Management Report
11. Risk management
11.1 Operational risks
The main risk factors to which the Group considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business objectives are
the following:
- Changes in the legislation regulating the market aimed to contain pharmaceutical expense (price control,
reference prices, support for generic products, co-payment, purchase platforms, …);
- Finalization of contractual relationships with customers representing a significant part of its sales or renewal in
less favourable conditions than the current ones;
- Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing
its products are supplied;
- Late payment on the part of the public authorities in the short term; and
- Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the size and complexity of the Company.
ROVI is permanently on the alert and is keeping any risks that may have an adverse effect on its business activities
under constant surveillance, applying the appropriate policies and mechanisms to manage them and constantly
developing contingency plans that can be used to mitigate or offset their impact. Among them, we highlight the fact that
the Group (i) continues, every year, to apply an internal saving policy that is principally based on improving the efficiency
of its internal and external operating processes; (ii) is working intensively to maintain a broad and diversified portfolio of
products and customers; (iii) is continuing with its target of constantly opening up new markets as a result of its
international expansion plan; and (iv) the Group exercises strict credit control and manages its cash effectively, which
ensures that sufficient working capital is generated and maintained to allow its day-to-day operations to be carried out;
and (v) The Company has an exhaustive tax risk control system, with external tax advisors who review the preparation
and filing of the different taxes as well as the Group’s decision-making on tax issues
11.2 Financial risks
The Company’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to
minimize potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of
ROVI are detailed below:
- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: is very low as virtually all assets and liabilities of the Company are in euros, with no
subsidiary out of the Euro zone. Additionally the majority of the foreign transactions are carried out in euros.
b) Price risk: the Company is exposed to price risk by its short-term and long-term financial investments. To
manage the price risk arising from the investments, ROVI diversifies its portfolio.
c) Interest rate risk: the Company is subject to an interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on long-term borrowing
transactions at variable rates. The risk, however, is slight since most of the Company’s debt consists of refundable
advances from official organisations on which there is no interest rate risk.
8