Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
ROVI had an Equal Opportunities Plan for men and women until 2019, in accordance with the legislation in force until
said year. As a derivative of this Plan, the Equality Opportunities Commission was created, with the main mission of
making a diagnosis and monitoring the measures implemented to ensure equal opportunities and non-discrimination, as
well as fostering the inclusion of new actions in this respect.
After publication in 2019 of Royal Decree-Law 6/2019 of 6 March on Urgent Measures for Equal Treatment and
Opportunities for Men and Women in Employment and Occupation, ROVI commenced the process of drawing up a new
Equality Plan that met all the requirements of the Royal Decree and enhanced the current Plan. To do this, it created the
Plan Negotiating Committee, which will prepare a prior diagnosis negotiated, if applicable, with the workers’ legal
representatives. The diagnosis will contain at least items referring to the selection and recruitment process, professional
classification, training, professional promotion, working conditions (including the pay audit regarding men and women),
co-responsibility in exercising the rights to personal, family and professional life, the under-representation of women,
remuneration and the prevention of sexual and gender harassment. The result of the Plan will be an orderly set of
evaluable measures aimed to remove the obstacles that prevent or hinder equality between men and women.
ROVI’s commitment to equality and non-discrimination is also set out in the Company’s Code of Ethics and the principles
that govern training programmes and actions.
ROVI does not tolerate harassment and rejects any kind of violence, physical, sexual, psychological or moral
harassment, the abuse of authority at work or any other form of conduct that generates an atmosphere that is
intimidatory or offensive in respect of the employees’ rights. Therefore, ROVI has a Protocol for the Prevention and
Handling of Cases of Moral and Sexual Harassment in the workplace, which all employees are obliged to know and
respect.
To ensure that any reports that may be received informing of a violation of the aforementioned Protocol, the Code of
Ethics or, in general, any approved policy or procedure are handled properly and receive an appropriate response, ROVI
has made an Ethics Channel available to its employees, suppliers, trading partners, agents and external collaborators.
The Regulations of the Ethics Channel govern the procedure to follow when handling or processing any reports or
notifications received and ensures that, when faced with an action that potentially contravenes the Company’s principles
and values, the organisation is able to react strictly, efficiently and diligently.
26