Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
3. Financial risk management
3.1. Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange
risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of
the financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
Risk management is carried out by the group Treasury Department following policies approved by the Board of Directors.
Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units.
The Audit Committee analyses written principles for global risk management, as well as written policies covering specific
areas, such as, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and the investment of excess liquidity.
(a) Market risk
(i) Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk is very low because (i) virtually all the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a majority of
the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) sometimes, transactions for significant amounts in
currencies other than the euro are hedged by exchange rate insurance contracts.
At 31 December, 2017, there were assets of 93 thousand euros. If the exchange rate at the reporting date had been 10%
higher or lower, these assets denominated in pounds sterling would have decreased or increased by 10 thousand euros
and 11 thousand euros, respectively.
At 31 December, 2017, there were financial liabilities of 307 thousand pounds sterling on the statement of financial
position. If the exchange rate had been 10% higher or lower, these liabilities would have decreased or increased by 31
thousand euros or 38 thousand euros, respectively, with the resulting effect on profit and loss.
At 31 December, 2016 there were no financial assets or liabilities in any currency other than the euro.
(ii) Price risk
The Group is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and classified as
available for sale on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk arising from investments in
equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in accordance with the limits set by the
Group. The Group does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
At 31 December, 2017 and 2016, a change in the listed rice of equity securities would have had no significant effect of
the Group’s statement of financial position.
(iii) Cash-flow interest-rate risk
The Group is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial debt transactions at variable
rates. Group policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt with government entities by obtaining
reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the case of bank debt, to obtain cash flows not only
at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the impact of interest-rate risk to a minimum.
23