Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
This revision of the market consensus in relation to the EBITDA is due basically to lower expected activity in the contract
manufacturing business (CDMO) during the fourth quarter of 2024.
Following the publication of the 2024 full-year results, ROVI maintains its previously announced guidance for the current year
2025 as set out in the Outlook section above.
2.3.2 ROVI completes the strategic review of its CDMO business
ROVI informed the market (by publication of the inside information number 2415 dated 24 October 2024) on the assessment it
had made in the previous months of strategic alternatives for its assets, including a potential corporate transaction of ROVI
relating to its third party contract development and manufacturing business (“CDMO”) that after the assessment and analysis of
the non-binding offers received by investment funds and industrial companies, ROVI’s Board of Directors concluded that, given
the strength, momentum and prospects of this business, the best way to maximize value for shareholders at this time is to
continue executing on the Company’s standalone strategic plan, with the interest of the CDMO business best served and
developed under the current ROVI group structure, with no entry of third party investors.
Over the past five years, ROVI has invested substantial capital to build global leadership in sterile fill & finish (F&F) capacity and
technology services. With these recent investments, and with current expansions underway, ROVI expects to significantly
increase its current sterile capacity at its FDA and EMA / EU GMP Annex-1 compliant facilities in Spain. This will allow ROVI to
continue to capitalize on the imbalance between the available capacity and the rising demand across the sterile fill & finish
market, building on recent momentum with the addition of a high-volume product from a global pharmaceutical customer and the
good drive in commercial activity and alliance opportunities across strategic high-growth modalities – including innovative
biologics, biosimilars, vaccines and novel modalities for pre-filled syringes and cartridges.
“The Board of Directors appreciates all of the hard work put into the strategic review process by the Company and its advisors. I
am pleased with the process that was undertaken, which has ultimately made us conclude that the CDMO business will drive
the highest shareholder value within the current ROVI Group structure” said Mr. Juan López-Belmonte Encina, Chairman and
CEO of ROVI. “We remain excited about the near- and long-term potential of our globally leading CDMO business to became a
world leader, given the attractive market dynamics and the pride we take in supporting the manufacture of medicines that are
able to prolong the life of millions of people” added Mr. Javier López-Belmonte Encina, Vice President and CFO of ROVI.
2.3.3 ROVI's Share Buy-Back Programme
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 1926 dated 26th of July 2023) that the Company launched,
effective as of 26 July, 2023, a share buy-back programme (the “Buy-Back Programme”), in accordance with the following terms:
1. Purpose and scope: the Buy-back Program’s purpose is to redeem own shares of ROVI (share capital reduction) and,
at the same time, boost the remuneration of the ROVI shareholder by increasing the profit per share.
2. Term: from 26 July 2023, and for a period of 12 months.
3. Maximum monetary amount: up to 130,000,000 euros, provided that the maximum price per share may not exceed that
provided for by article 3.2 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052.
The authorization granted by the general shareholders’ meeting of the Company on 17 June 2021 established (a) a
minimum price for the acquisition corresponding to the nominal value of the acquired shares and (b) a maximum price
for the acquisition corresponding to a price not above the highest between (i) the last transaction carried out on the
market by independent parties and (ii) the highest price of a purchase order amongst those contained in the orders
book.
4. Maximum number of shares to be acquired: 2,700,000 shares of the Company, representing approximately 5% of the
Company’s share capital on 26 July 2023.
5. Trading volume to be considered as reference: the trading volume to be taken as a reference for the purposes of the
provisions of article 3.3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 for the entire duration of the buy-back program was 25% of
the average daily volume of ROVI’s shares on the trading venue on which the purchase carried out during the twenty
trading days prior to the date of the purchase.
On 11 June 2024, ROVI concluded the Buy-Back programme, having acquired 2,233,466 shares for an amount of 130 million
euros, representing approximately 4.13% of the share capital.
As announced when the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the purpose of the Programme was to cancel shares of ROVI
through a reduction of capital while, at the same time, contributing to ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the
6