Free translation of the 2019 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2019 Management Report
10. Outlook for 2020
In 2020, ROVI expects a mid-single-digit growth rate for the operating revenue. The Company forecasts that it will
continue to grow at a higher rate than Spanish pharmaceutical market expenditure in 2019, which, according to the
Ministry of Health, Consumption and Social Welfare, showed a growth rate of 3.0%.
ROVI expects its growth drivers to be Bemiparin, the license agreements, such as Neparvis® and Volutsa®, the
Enoxaparin biosimilar, its existing portfolio of specialty pharmaceuticals and new products recently acquired (Falithrom®
and Polaramine®).
11. Risk management
11.1 Operating risks
The main risk factors to which the Company considers itself to be exposed in respect of meeting its business objectives
are the following:
- Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing
its products are supplied;
- Failure to complete the Research and Development projects that ROVI is executing successfully or in the
expected manner.
- Actions on the part of the competition that have an adverse impact on ROVI’s sales.
- Changes in the prescription criteria or changes in the legislation regulating the market aimed to contain
pharmaceutical expense (price control, reference prices, support for generic products, co-payment, purchase
platforms, …);
- Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the size and complexity of the Company.
ROVI is permanently on the alert and is keeping any risks that may have an adverse effect on its business activities
under constant surveillance, applying the appropriate policies and mechanisms to manage them and constantly
developing contingency plans that can be used to mitigate or offset their impact. Among them, we highlight the fact that
the Company (i) continues with the diversification of suppliers of raw materials and other packaging materials necessary
for the manufacture of the products; (ii) is continuing with its target of constantly opening up new markets as a result of
its international expansion plan; (iii) continues to enhance its processes and controls, including those related to the
internationalization process; (iv) is working intensively to maintain a broad and diversified portfolio of products and
customers; (v) perseveres every year with its savings plan, which has focused mainly on improving the efficiency of its
internal and external operating processes; (vi) the Company exercises strict credit control and manages its cash
effectively, which ensures that sufficient working capital is generated and maintained to allow its day-to-day operations to
be carried out; (vii) the Company has an exhaustive tax risk control system, with external tax advisors who review the
preparation and filing of the different taxes as well as the Company’s decision-making on tax issues.
9