LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
system to detect any possible adverse reaction they may trigger. This policy, signed by the Head of Pharmacovigilance,
is mandatory for all the Group companies.
– Pharmacovigilance Privacy Policy: describes the processing of the personal data obtained for pharmacovigilance
purposes as a result of the adverse reactions reported. This policy, available on ROVI’s corporate website, is applicable
to the whole Group and was approved by the Quality and Pharmacovigilance Departments.
– Environmental and Social Sustainability Policy: establishes the principles for acting in relation to ROVI’s main
stakeholders, which include patients. The commitments are encompassed within the principle of “offering a service
based on quality and experience”. This policy was signed by the Company chairman and is applicable to all Group
companies.
– Policy on the Internal Information System and Whistleblower Defence: establishes, among other items, the guidelines
and responsibilities for use of the Group’s Ethics Channel. Additionally, it guarantees confidentiality and non-retaliation
in relation to all the communications submitted through said channel. This policy was approved by the Board of
Directors and is published on ROVI’s corporate website.
Additionally, the Group bases its activity of medicine manufacturing and promotion on a series of codes and standards. First,
ROVI follows the Quality Manual, which complies with Good Laboratory Practices (GLP). This manual defines the quality system
necessary to develop products with the required attributes, in line with the applicable regulations. It also establishes an
independent quality structure for the Marketing and Distribution Divisions, as well as Development, Manufacturing and Control
This manual applies to the company Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI.
The Company also has a Pharmacovigilance protocol that describes the basic concepts of this practice, such as the
communication channels with the Pharmacovigilance Department if a person becomes aware of any possible adverse reaction
or safety problem associated with a ROVI medicine. This protocol is applicable to the whole ROVI Group.
Furthermore, the Group follows the recommendations of the World Health Organisation set out in the document Ethical Criteria
for Medicinal Drug Promotion. It has also adhered to the Code of Conduct of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical
Industries and Association (EFPIA), the Code of the association AKG (Arzneimittel und Kooperation im Gesundheitswesen) and
the Code of the Portuguese Association of the Pharmaceutical Industry (APIFARMA).
Finally, the Group has a series of protocols that regulate the way in which clinical trials for medicines for human use are
conducted, based on the requirements of the health agencies. ROVI’s quality system ensures compliance with the directives
and standards applicable to the pharmaceutical industry in this context, applying the standards on Good Manufacturing
Practices (GMP), Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) and Good Clinical Practices (GCP), the last of which is, specifically, an
international ethical and scientific quality standard for designing, conducting, recording and reporting trials that involve the
participation of human subjects, the objective of which is to provide assurance that the trials are conducted meeting the
requirements of the protocol, in accordance with the standard operating procedures (SOPs) and in compliance with the
applicable current legislation, seeking mutual recognition of results.
◦ Disclosure Requirement S4-2: Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users
about impacts
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the processes that ROVI has for engaging with
consumers and end-users in relation to material impacts, risks and opportunities.
ROVI has adequate and efficient channels for engaging with patients and healthcare professionals, since smooth and active
communication is essential for achieving the Group’s objective of providing the highest levels of product quality and safety with
transparency and integrity in all its interactions. Special mention should be made of the fact that, through this engagement with
its consumers and end-users, not only aspects related to negative impacts are addressed, but solutions are also provided to
consultations, which make up a large part of the communications received.
In this context, the consultation and complaint control procedure, drawn up by the Quality area, sets out the responsibilities and
the treatment that consultations and complaints should be given, indicating that Quality Department personnel are responsible
for informing the Quality Manager and managing the investigation of the consultations and complaints in accordance with the
130