LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
• The registration of a new customer requires submission of the following documentation: (i) completion of the
new customer template, in which the following information is requested: corporate name, registered address,
contact details and bank details, (ii) copy of tax identification number or equivalent document, (iii) in the case of
customers of the medicine marketing area, a copy of the authorisation as a pharmaceutical product distributor is
likewise requested.
• All payments are processed in SAP. No payments are made outside SAP and the customer / supplier is only
registered in SAP if the aforementioned documentation has been provided.
• There is a supplier selection policy, SOP 002, that includes a list of the criteria used to select each type of
supplier. It provides for an initial evaluation and another periodic evaluation. This is used to draw up a list of
approved suppliers custodiated by Quality Department.
• Supplier engagement and payment: (i) suppliers with an annual volume of over 100,000 euros, always have a
duly signed contract, (ii) it regulates how invoices should be sent and recorded, and (iii) the means of payment
accepted.
• Policy for reimbursement of expenses and payment of per diem allowances: (i) ROVI only reimburses the
following expenses: Transport, Accommodation, Food (per diem) and others: Photocopies / Paper / Envelopes /
Couriers / Toner / Ink; Books / Publications; Projector Hire; Professional Association Fees; Courses / Training;
Exchange Rate Adjustments. The reimbursement of expenses in preceded by the pertinent expense note,
which must be accompanied by the documentary support of the expenses (invoices, etc.). Employees must
settle the expenses incurred in providing their services preferably with the corporate credit card and must
minimize cash payments.
• The ROVI Group accepts the following means of payment for collections:
o Transfers - 61%
o Direct debits - 38%
o Cheque, promissory notes - 1%
o Cash and point-of-sale terminals (only in the business of Pan Química – it represents roughly 5% of the
total collections of Pan Química and 0.5% of the group total).
• The ROVI Group accepts the following means of payment for payments:
o “Confirming”
o Bank transfers
o Direct debits
o Nominative cheques: only for payments of conferences to health professionals. The average invoice from
speakers is €500.
- Donations to foundations and non-profit organisations
The ROVI Group has a Donation Management Procedure that describes the process to be followed to approve a
donation. As part of this procedure, the Group has appointed a Donations Committee, which evaluates and, if
appropriate, approves or rejects the Group’s donation requests. This procedure came into force in July 2018.
29