LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
As regards risks and opportunities, several key factors have been identified, including: the possibility of competitors getting in
first in the research and registration of products, which could jeopardise the profitability and viability of the R&D&I projects; the
approval of substitute medicines, which could have an adverse impact on revenue; the impact of parallel importations on the
market share; and the implementation of austerity measures by the public authorities to reduce pharmaceutical spending, with
the potential to reduce Group sales significantly.
Most of these risks and opportunities depend on specific impacts. However, the possible risk of austerity measures is an
exception, since it does not depend on impacts of the Group itself and is an external measure applied by the regulator.
In addition, ROVI has identified that certain groups of consumers and end-users may be exposed to a higher risk of being
harmed by its products. These vulnerable groups include, for example, children and people with visual impairments. The fact
that it operates in a highly-regulated sector ensures that ROVI complies with the applicable legislation, which establishes the
implementation of specific measures when necessary, such as including information on the labelling or in the leaflet or technical
data sheet indicating the specific dose for children and providing information in Braille for people with visual impairments. In this
respect, during the manufacturing process, the products undergo various process controls to assess their possible impact on
vulnerable groups. Although ROVI does not manufacture products specifically for children, it does produce medicines that can
be used with paediatric doses, such as Polaramine®, Medicebran® and Medikinet®.
Lastly, attention should be drawn to the fact that, in the assessment of material risks and opportunities related to possible
negative impacts on consumers and end-users, the negative impacts identified affected all users and none of them affected
specific user groups.
b. Management of impacts, risks and opportunities
◦ Disclosure Requirement S4-1: Policies related to consumers and end-users
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the policies that ROVI has in relation to
consumers and end-users. In line with its commitment to these groups, ROVI has the following policies, which may be accessed
on the corporate website:
– Quality Policy: establishes quality as one of the Group’s strategic pillars, highlighting the fact that the consumers and
users of its products are its main priority. The policy likewise covers the activities of Medicine and Medical Device
Development, Manufacture and Control and Medicine and Medical Device Distribution. This policy, signed by the
Company chairman, applies to all Group companies.
– Code of Ethics: this document is the basis for all Group policies and guides the relations with stakeholders, including
consumers and end-users. It specifies that ROVI has undertaken to offer its consumers innovative, high-quality
products. This Code was signed by the Company chairman and applies to all Group companies.
– Policy on access to medicines: sets out the principles that govern society’s access to ROVI’s medicines and health
services. This document, signed by the chairman and applying to the entire Group, reaffirms ROVI’s commitment to
access to health.
– Ethical Marking Policy: sets out the ethical criteria that must be incorporated into the marketing strategies to satisfy
patient needs, foster social well-being and ensure responsible promotion of the products. This policy, approved by the
Compliance Committee, is mandatory for all Group companies.
– Human Rights Policy: sets out the Group’s specific principles for acting in relation to the human rights of all the
persons who comprise its stakeholders, including consumers and end-users. Likewise, it establishes the means
necessary to prevent and identify any human rights violation and lays down appropriate mitigation or remediation
measures. Specifically, it describes ROVI’s principles in relation to patients and healthcare professionals, pursuing the
objective of ensuring the right to health. In line with this commitment, as a member of the United Nations Global
Compact, the policy also sets out the responsibility the Group assumes with the International Human Rights Charter
and the fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organisation (ILO). This commitment was signed by the
Company chairman and is mandatory for all Group companies.
– Pharmacovigilance Policy: sets out the risks associated to use of the medicines marketed once they have been placed
on the market, as well as the controls to keep these risks at the lowest level, and the relevant pharmacovigilance
129