Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
2.5 Foreign currency transactions
a) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the annual accounts of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates ("the functional currency”). The consolidated annual accounts are
presented in euros, which is the Group’s functional and presentation currency.
b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates in force at the
transaction dates or, if the items have been remeasured, the measurement dates. Foreign currency losses and gains that
result from the settlement of these transactions and the translation of the monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies at the rates in force at the end of the reporting period are recognised in profit and loss, except if deferred
in other comprehensive income, as is the case with eligible cash flow hedges and eligible net investment hedges. Foreign
currency losses and gains relating to loans and cash and cash equivalents are presented as “Finance income or expenses”
in the income statement. Other foreign currency losses and gains are presented as “Other net gains / (losses)”.
Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency and classified as equity securities are
analysed considering the translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
changes in its carrying amount. Translation differences relating to variations in the amortised cost are recognised in profit
and loss and the other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equity instruments held at fair value through profit and loss, are
recognised in profit and loss as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items measured
at fair value, such as equity instruments classified as equity securities, are included in other comprehensive income.
2.6 Property, plant and equipment
Items included in property plant and equipment are recognised at cost less depreciation and, when appropriate, less
accumulated impairment losses, except in the case of land, which is presented net of impairment losses, if these exist.
Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items of property, plant and
equipment.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item
can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance
are charged to profit and loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.
Land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to gradually reduce their
acquisition costs to their residual values over their estimated useful lives:
Buildings - 40 years
Technical facilities and machinery – between 4 and 14 years
Other facilities, fittings and equipment and furniture – between 5 and 10 years
Other property, plant and equipment – between 4 and 5 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
Property, plant and equipment in progress includes elements under adaptation, construction or assembly. Property, plant
and equipment in progress is recognised at its acquisition cost and is not depreciated.
An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater
than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.9).
11