Free translation of the 2018 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2018 Management Report
11.2 Financial risks
The Company’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to
minimize potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of
ROVI are detailed below:
- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: is very low as virtually all assets and liabilities of the Company are in euros, with no
subsidiary out of the Euro zone. Additionally the majority of the foreign transactions are carried out in euros.
b) Price risk: the Company is exposed to price risk by its short-term and long-term financial investments. To
manage the price risk arising from the investments, ROVI diversifies its portfolio.
c) Interest rate risk: the Company is subject to an interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on long-term borrowing
transactions at variable rates. The risk, however, is slight since most of the Company’s debt consists of refundable
advances from official organisations on which there is no interest rate risk.
d) Raw material price risk: ROVI is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied.
- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed by groups. The credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, long-term financial investments,
deposits held at call in banks and financial institutions and other receivables available for sale, as well as from
wholesalers and retailers, including accounts receivables and committed transactions. The Company monitors the
solvency of these assets by reviewing external credit ratings and qualifying internally assets which are not externally
rated.
It should be mentioned here that despite this management work, the Regional Government continue to be extremely
slow in making payments for pharmaceutical supplies, to the detriment of companies operating in this sector. Despite
this, the Company’s financial position is sound and its liquidity unaffected.
- Liquidity risk
Management monitors the liquidity estimates of the Company according to the expected cash flows; therefore, the
Company always has sufficient cash and trade securities to confront its liquidity requirements.
9