Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
1 . General information
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (the “parent company" or "the Company") was incorporated as a public limited company
(“sociedad anónima”) in Madrid on 21 December 1946. It is entered in the Companies Register of Madrid, sheet 1,179, folio 197
of volume 713 of Companies Book 283. Its registered office and the tax address are at Julián Camarillo, 35, Madrid (Spain).
The Company’s principal activity is the sale of its own pharmaceutical products and the distribution of other products for which it
holds licences granted by other laboratories for specific periods, in accordance with the terms and conditions contained in the
agreements entered into with said laboratories, as well as providing manufacturing services to third parties.
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. is the parent of a pharmaceutical business group (hereinafter, “ROVI” or “Rovi Group” or
“Group”) engaged in the production and sale of pharmaceutical products, some of which were developed in-house. Low-
molecular-weight heparins, which are marketed in various countries, are the Group’s main products.
The Company’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges and included in the Spanish
Stock Exchange Interconnection System (IBEX35).
As of 31 December 2024, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 58.19% of the shares of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi,
S.A. (Note 15). As of 31 December 2023, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 55.19% of the shares of Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. Norbel Inversiones, S.L., with registered office at Calle Julián Camarillo, 35, Madrid, files consolidated
annual accounts with the Madrid Companies Registry.
These consolidated annual accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on 24 February 2025 and are pending approval
by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Nevertheless the directors of the Company expect the consolidated annual accounts to
be approved without any changes
Changes in the consolidated group
The main changes in 2024 has been:
– On 13 March 2024, the company Terafront Farmatech, S.L., with registered address at Calle Julián Camarillo, 35
Madrid (Spain), joined the consolidated group. This company is 25.5% held by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A.
and is consolidated using the equity method.
The main changes in 2023 were:
– On 24 July, the company Cells IA Technologies, S.L., with registered address at Calle José Ortega y Gasset 25 bajo,
Madrid (Spain), was included in the consolidated group. This company is 26% held by Gineladius, S.L.U. and is
consolidated using the equity method.
– On 6 November, the company Enervit Nutrition, S.L. was sold. This company had been 50% held by Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and consolidated by the equity method. The transaction had a negative effect of 301
thousand euros on profit and loss.
7