Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
4.3.- Health and Safety
The management of personnel-related risks is the duty of the Health and Environment Department, which holds
exclusive responsibility for aspects related to environmental management, as well as workplace safety and health
throughout the Group.
As stated in other sections of this report, ROVI has an Integrated Environmental and Occupational Hazard Prevention
Management Policy, applicable to the whole Group, the objective of which to protect the life, physical integrity and health
of all the workers, including both the Group’s own workers and those of the companies who work with ROVI. This Policy
is based on a series of corporate procedures, as well as local procedures or work instructions specific to each centre.
Likewise, all ROVI’s industrial plants hold OSHAS 18001:2007 Occupational Health and Safety Management
Certifications, published on ROVI’s website.
Specifically, the ROVI Group set a goal of an accident rate (No. of accidents / No. of workers * 100) of 1.3% with sick
leave and 3% without sick leave. In addition, each plant, individually, defines specific prevention objectives. Examples of
these are:
• Reduction in the trend of accidents with sick leave due to overexertion by 20% in comparison with the period
January 2018 – June 2019 (18 months).
• Implementation of an Industrial Hygiene Programme to reduce the workers’ exposure to active substances.
• Increase in the number of technical staff in the Maintenance Area with broader prevention training by 20%
(in respect of the total) in comparison with 2018.
The principal occupational hazards identified by ROVI, having followed the corporate procedure for identifying hazards,
assessing risks and determining controls, are mainly those inherent to a production plant: contact with and exposure to
chemical products, noise exposure, overexertion, etc.
These risks are managed through planning the preventive activity (existence of specific procedures compliance with
which minimizes the probability that these risks will materialize) and training (there are occupational hazard training plans
and refresher plans). Furthermore, the risks identified are managed in accordance with the specific procedures created
to control and regularly monitor the actions taken, such as those concerning work permits, safety inspections and the
identification and evaluation of legal requirements.
Furthermore, the Group has several Health and Safety Committees, on which all ROVI employees are represented.
In addition, in the aspect of promoting healthy lifestyle habits among employees, ROVI continued with the initiatives
implemented in previous years, such as healthy breakfasts and vending, cooperation with sports centres to encourage
sports among the employees and participation in races, among others and, in 2019, held the campaign “Cada
Superhéroe tiene su equipo de protección” (“Every Superhero has their protection equipment”) aimed to raise awareness
of the need to make responsible use of Individual Protection Equipment (IPE).
21