Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
These financial liabilities are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value, recognizing
any changes in profit and loss for the period
Transaction costs directly allocable to issuance are recognized in profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
3.8 Grants received
Reimbursable grants are recognized as liabilities until they meet the conditions not to be considered non-reimbursable,
while non-reimbursable grants are recognized as income directly in the equity on a systematic and rational basis in
correlation with the expenses derived from the grant.
In this respect, a grant is considered non-reimbursable when there is an individual decision to award the grant, all the
conditions fixed for awarding it have been met and there is no reasonable doubt that it will be received.
Monetary grants are recognized at the fair value of the amount awarded and non-monetary grants at the fair value of the
item received. In both cases, the values refer to the time of recognition.
Non-reimbursable grants related to the acquisition of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and real estate
investments are allocated as income for the period in proportion to the amortization or depreciation of the related assets
or, if applicable, when the assets are disposed of, there is a value adjustment for impairment or they are derecognized in
the statement of financial position. Non-reimbursable grants related to specific expenses are recognized in profit and loss
in the same period as the related expenses are accrued, while those awarded to offset an operating deficit are
recognized in the period in which they are granted, except when they are intended to offset operating deficits in future
periods, in which case they will be allocated to the period in question.
3.9 Current and deferred taxes
The income tax charged (credited) is the amount accrued in the year for this item comprising both current and deferred
income tax charged (credited).
Both the current and deferred income tax charged (credited) is recognized in profit and loss. Notwithstanding, the tax
effect related to items recorded directly in the equity is recognized in equity.
Current income tax assets and liabilities will be measured at the amounts it is expected to pay to or recover from the tax
authorities in accordance with current legislation or legislation that has been approved but not yet published at the end of
the reporting period.
Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. However, deferred income tax is not recognized if it arises from initial
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction,
affects neither accounting nor tax profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using the rules and tax rates that have
been approved or are on the point of approval at the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
17