Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
Non-reimbursable grants related to the acquisition of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and real estate
investments are allocated as income for the period in proportion to the amortisation or depreciation of the related assets
or, if applicable, when the assets are disposed of, there is a value adjustment for impairment or they are derecognised in
the statement of financial position. Non-reimbursable grants related to specific expenses are recognised in profit and loss
in the same period as the related expenses are accrued, while those awarded to offset an operating deficit are
recognised in the period in which they are granted, except when they are intended to offset operating deficits in future
periods, in which case they will be allocated to the period in question.
3.11 Current and deferred taxes
The income tax charged (credited) is the amount accrued in the year for this item comprising both current and deferred
income tax charged (credited).
Both the current and deferred income tax charged (credited) is recognised in profit and loss. Notwithstanding, the tax
effect related to items recognised directly in the equity is recognised in equity.
Current income tax assets and liabilities will be measured at the amounts it is expected to pay to or recover from the tax
authorities in accordance with current legislation or legislation that has been approved but not yet published at the
reporting date.
Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts. However, deferred income tax is not recognised if it arises from initial
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction,
affects neither accounting nor tax profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using the rules and tax rates that have
been approved or are on the point of approval at the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
against which the temporary differences can be offset.
3.12 Employee benefits
a) Pension commitments
The Company holds individual defined-contribution plans exclusively on behalf of certain employees.
A defined-contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity.
The Company has no legal, contractual or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold
sufficient assets to pay all the commitments assumed.
For the defined-contribution plans, the Company pays contributions to privately- or publicly-managed pension insurance
plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. Once the contributions have been paid, the Company is not obliged
to make any further payments. The contributions are recognised as employee benefits when accrued. Contributions paid
in advance are recognised as an asset to the extent to which a cash refund or reduction in future payments is available.
The Company recognises a liability for contributions to be made when, at the end of the reporting period, contributions
have accrued but not been settled.
b) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Company before the normal retirement date, or
whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Company recognises
termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees
according to a detailed formal plan without possibility of withdrawal, or providing termination benefits as the result of an
offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting
period are discounted back to present value.
c) Bonus obligations
The Company recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on the estimates of meeting certain corporate
targets established for employees.
14