ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
The design and review of the organisational structure are carried out by the Human Resources Department with the involvement of the
management of the relevant department. There are specific organisation charts for each financial area, which are sufficiently detailed and
establish the lines of responsibility and authority.
(ii) clear definition of lines of responsibility and authority with an adequate distribution of tasks and functions;
Tasks and responsibilities in the preparation and supervision of financial reporting are defined for each position. The lines of authority
and responsibility are described in the organisation charts for each department and are defined by Management. Likewise, the
procedures related to the preparation of financial reporting set out the responsibilities of the different areas of the Company.
and (iii) assurance that adequate procedures exist for proper communication throughout the entity, especially in relation to the process of
preparing the financial reporting.
The procedures concerning preparation of the financial reporting are communicated to those responsible for the financial function.
· Code of conduct, the body approving this, degree of dissemination and instruction, including principles
and values, (state if there is specific mention of transaction recording and creation of financial
information), a body charged with analysing breaches and proposing corrective actions and sanctions:
ROVI has a Code of Conduct (the “Code of Ethics”), the latest version of which was approved by the Board of Directors on 19 February,
2018, which is the basis of the ethics principles of the Company and its Group. This Code is applicable to all employees, to whom it has
been communicated, and has the fundamental objective of providing a framework of guidelines and recommendations that transmit the
good practices of ROVI’s employees in their day-to-day work to its stakeholders (employees, shareholders, suppliers, customers,
patients, professionals, public authorities and society in general), while, at the same time, it provides guidance for making everyday
decisions. ROVI considers this Code of Ethics to be an opportunity to put the values that identify it as a company into practice, such as
mutual respect, the quest for innovation, team work, efficiency, or the competitiveness that always results from scientific excellence.
The Code of Ethics is formally signed by all workers when they join the workforce of any ROVI Group company.
ROVI’s Code of Ethics includes a specific section on financial integrity and protection of its assets, whereby it undertakes to apply the
highest standards of ethics and transparency in its communications, information records and reports concerning its products and
activities. This entails the obligation that, when preparing the accounting for the financial statements, books, records and accounts, ROVI
will meet legal requirements and will properly apply current accounting principles, in order to provide an accurate picture of its business
activities and the Group’s financial situation.
Additionally, ROVI has an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, the latest version of which was approved by the Board of Directors on
10 September 2020, which develops one of the principles of the Code of Ethics, which is to reject any practice that includes bribery or
corruption. The Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, also applicable to all ROVI’s employees, states that detailed books, records and
accounts that accurately show the group’s assets and transactions must be kept and that an appropriate system of internal control over
financing reporting must be in place. No accounts outside these books are permitted, since such practices may facilitate or conceal undue
payments. The document is available to employees in the internal mobile application and on other internal ROVI websites.
The body responsible for compliance with the Code of Ethics is the Compliance Function, to which this duty is assigned in the “Regulatory
Compliance Function Charter, approved by the Audit Committee of 25 July, 2017. The Compliance Function is composed of a Compliance
Committee (a permanent internal collegial body that reports directly to the Audit Committee and is considered an advisory body to said
Committee on compliance matters) and the Compliance Department (area responsible for conducting day-to-day compliance coordination
activities, providing support to the Compliance Committee and reporting to it on the relevant matters).
In 2020, personnel from ROVI’s subsidiaries received training in the Code of Ethics, imparted by the Compliance area. Said training had
two main goals: the first, to reinforce the idea that all the employees and members of governing bodies of ROVI are subject to the Code
and that it is binding on them, and the second, to provide training on all the action principles contained in the Code of Ethics, with their
possible applications and interpretations.
Additionally, the Compliance Committee approved the “Code of Ethics for Suppliers” on 7 November, 2017. The main objective of this Code
is to ensure that ROVI’s suppliers and other components of the value chain respect not only current legislation, but also the values of the
ROVI’s corporate governance system, the principles set out in its Corporate Social Responsibility Policy and other internal rules of ROVI.
Implementation of the use of this Code is currently under development by some of the departments involved in supplier management. As
part of this work, the general contracting conditions of the ROVI Group, and the rest of the contracts when the negotiations so permit,
include the obligation to comply with the contents of the Code of Ethics for Suppliers.
ROVI has a “Regulations of the Ethics Channel for Employees and Suppliers”, the latest update of which was approved by the Audit
Committee on 7 May, 2019. They establish that the management body of ROVI’s ethics channels is the Ethics Channel Management
Committee, which is likewise responsible for ensuring that all reports submitted through the channel receive attention and are managed
appropriately, in full and confidentially. Said body is responsible for analysing cases of non-compliance and proposing corrective actions.
Possible sanctions derived from non-compliance are the responsibility of the Human Resources Department.
40 / 65