LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Risks identified in the double materiality analysis
Lastly, mention should be made of the fact that, in the double materiality assessment, apart from considering the risks identified
in the climate-related risk assessment, ROVI identified additional risks such as the interruption of activity due to a lack of
adaptation measures, an increase in the entry barriers to operating in certain countries and/or participating in public tender
offers, and failure to meet Scope 3 emission reduction targets, which are considered transition risks. In 2025, ROVI will update
its ESG Master Plan (2023-2025), taking account of the results of the double materiality assessment and, thus, management of
material impacts, risks and opportunities.
c. Impact, risk and opportunity management
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to
identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities
In relation to the process followed by ROVI to determine the material climate change-related impacts, risks and opportunities,
see ESRS 2 IRO-1, where the four phases of the double materiality assessment are described: understanding, identification,
assessment and determination.
As a result of the double materiality assessment conducted, the material climate change-related impacts, risks and opportunities
are set out below:
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Sub-topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
Climate
Own Adaptation plan for climate-related water-stress risk at its Positive
change Actual < 1 year
operations Granada centres. impact
adaptation
Suppliers and pharmaceutical companies with agreement
Negative
Upstream Energy with ROVI use non-renewable energy to produce part of Actual < 1 year
impact
the goods and services they supply to the Group.
Suppliers and pharmaceutical companies with agreement
Positive
Upstream Energy with ROVI use renewable energy to produce part of the Actual < 1 year
impact
goods and services they supply to the Group.
Own ROVI’s monthly electricity and gas consumption control Positive
Energy Actual < 1 year
operations procedures that allow energy-savings targets to be set. impact
Production of renewable energy through solar panels and
Own Positive
Energy purchasing 100% renewable energy for all its industrial Actual < 1 year
operations impact
complexes and main offices.
Own ROVI’s consumption of fossil fuels (natural gas and diesel Negative
Energy Actual < 1 year
operations oil) to carry on its activity. impact
Adhesion to “Punto SIGRE” in order to recover energy from Positive
Downstream Energy Actual < 1 year
medicine waste. impact
Across the Consumption of non-renewable energy for the vehicles Negative
Energy Actual < 1 year
value chain used across the value chain. impact
Across the Consumption of renewable energy for the vehicles used Positive
Energy Actual < 1 year
value chain across the value chain. impact
Across the Intensive energy use to store active ingredients and Negative
Energy Actual < 1 year
value chain medicines at an appropriate temperature. impact
Across the
value chain Use of renewable energy to store active ingredients and Positive
Energy Actual < 1 year
and own medicines at an appropriate temperature. impact
operations
Climate
Own Extensive use of antibiotics in pigs (from which heparin is Negative
change Actual < 1 year
operations obtained). impact
mitigation
Climate ROVI’s energy efficiency strategy reduces carbon
Own Positive
change emissions and contributes to the fight against climate Actual < 1 year
operations impact
mitigation change.
65