LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
4.3.- Health and Safety
The management of personnel-related risks is the duty of the Health and Environment Department, which holds
exclusive responsibility for aspects related to environmental management, as well as workplace safety and health
throughout the Group.
As stated in other sections of this report, ROVI has an Integrated Environmental and Occupational Hazard Prevention
Management Policy, applicable to the whole group, the objective of which to protect the life, physical integrity and health
of all the workers, including both the group’s own workers and those of the companies who work with ROVI. This Policy
is based on a series of corporate procedures, as well as local procedures or work instructions specific to each centre.
Specifically, the ROVI Group set a goal of an accident rate (No. of accidents / No. of workers * 100) of lower than 1.5%
with sick leave and lower than 3.5% without sick leave. In addition, each plant, individually, defines specific prevention
objectives. Examples of these are:
• Acquisition of a system for neutralising chemical products that allows injuries caused by contact with chemicals
to be minimised in laboratory and production jobs in comparison with 2017. This goal was set at the Madrid
plant.
• Increase of 20% in comparison with 2017 of Production Area workers with broader prevention training. This goal
was set at the Granada plant.
• Reduction in the moderate risk category associated to falling to a different level in the task of installing/removing
the rotary valve of the roller compactor. This goal was set at the Alcalá de Henares plant.
The principal occupational hazards identified by ROVI, having followed the corporate procedure for identifying hazards,
assessing risks and determining controls, are mainly those inherent to a production plant: contact with and exposure to
chemical products, noise exposure, overexertion, etc.
These risks are managed through planning the preventive activity (existence of specific procedures compliance with
which minimizes the probability that these risks will materialize) and training (there are occupational hazard training plans
and refresher plans). Furthermore, the risks identified are managed in accordance with the specific procedures created
to control and regularly monitor the actions taken, such as those concerning work permits, safety inspections and the
identification and evaluation of legal requirements.
Furthermore, the Group has several Health and Safety Committees, on which all ROVI employees (100%) are
represented.
In addition, in the aspect of promoting healthy lifestyle habits among employees, ROVI continued with the initiatives
implemented in previous years, such as healthy breakfasts and vending, cooperation with sports centres to encourage
sports among the employees and participation in races, among others.
Annually, the Safety and Environment Department prepares a report reviewing the prevention management system with
the managements of the different plants. This year’s conclusion is that the evolution is satisfactory, although there is
always room for potential improvement.
19