Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
Deposits in financial institutions maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category as
current assets.
Receivables are measured at amortised cost less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables
is established when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
original terms of the receivables.
Impairment of financial assets measured at amortised cost
Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, the probability that the debtor will become insolvent or require financial
reorganisation and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that a trade receivable is impaired.
Impairment of financial assets, including loans and receivables, is measured using the expected credit loss model.
The Group measures provisions for losses at a sum equivalent to the expected losses over the life of the asset.
Provisions for losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost are presented separately as a reduction in the gross
carrying amount of the assets.
In relation to trade receivables, risk exposures in each group are segmented on the basis of the customer type (government
or non-government) and the age of the debt:
– The balance receivable from public authority customers relates to receivables from government entities, regarding
which, based on their nature and the information currently available, ROVI considers the credit risk to be low and,
therefore, does not recognise any expected losses in relation thereto. The Group is entitled to claim late-payment
interest originating from delay in collecting these balances from government entities.
– The balance with non-government entities includes mainly wholesalers, toll manufacturing customers, other
pharmaceutical companies and private centres. The provision for impairment of balances with non-government
customers is measured in accordance with the age of the debt.
Additionally, the provision for impairment includes all those customer balances for which there are indications of
impairment, even if six months have not yet elapsed since their due date.
Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement as “other operating expenses”. When a receivable becomes
unrecoverable, it is written off against the amount of the impairment. Subsequent recovery of amounts previously written
off is recognised as a credit item in “other operating expenses”.
(ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are non-derivatives that are either designated
in this category or not classified in any of the other possible categories. They are included in non-current assets, called
“equity securities”, unless Management intends to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the end of the reporting
period.
Purchases and sales of investments are recognised on the trade date, i.e. the date on which the Group commits to
purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. Financial assets
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are subsequently carried at fair value through other
comprehensive income. Investments are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have
expired or been transferred and the Group has substantially transferred all risks and rewards of ownership.
Dividends from financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income instruments are recognised
in the income statement as “Finance costs-net” when the Group’s right to receive payment is established.
15