LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Quality area
In 2024, ROVI reviewed the quality-related action plans and objectives that the Group had set for 2023, following the indicators
of the consultation and complaints control procedure of the Quality area and the reports prepared in this respect.
In 2024, the Group worked to achieve the objectives set for the year in the Quality area. One of the main objectives was the
updating of the document management system OpenText - GxP Suite. This objective was attained through actions such as
initial operating tests, the preparation of validation and execution documentation, and the implementation and review of both the
related SOPs and employee training. The foregoing represented an expense of €296,000 for ROVI.
In addition, more than 1,000 quality-related training actions were carried out, both general and specific, in addition to the
mandatory actions. This training addressed the following topics: regulation of healthcare products and ISO 13485, action in the
event of consultations and/or complaints, management and operation of injectors, and Campus ROVI processes. The expense
associated to this training was €5,990.
Furthermore, an objective was set consisting of improving the documentary support to respond to consultations by implementing
a control of declarations of allergens by product. To this end, a review of the existing documentation was conducted to prioritise
the request for the necessary information, product expiry dates were established and a monitoring tool was developed.
Regarding the negative impact related to a lack of necessary information on product use for healthcare professionals or
patients, ROVI’s Quality area ensures the protection of customer and patient health and safety throughout the life cycle of the
products through strict compliance with the Company’s internal requirements and the applicable legislation put in place by the
regulatory bodies.
Intellectual Property area
The ROVI Group is continuously acting to address parallel importations of its products and ensure the safety of its consumers
and end-users. The parallel importation of medicines is a legal practice recognised by the European Union. This practice allows
specialised companies to benefit from the free circulation of goods within the European Union and take advantage of the
regulated prices in the different European countries. Thus, these companies purchase medicines in countries where prices are
lower and sell them in countries where the regulated prices are considerably higher.
ROVI, as a manufacturing laboratory and owner of the registered trade mark, should receive a prior notification from the
importer, stating the product it intends to import and its formats, the country where it is acquiring it and the country or countries
where it is going to market it. Since the medicine cannot be marketed as is in another European Union Member State if it is not
adapted to the destination market, ROVI then requests physical samples of the products to analyse them, in order to ensure that
the medicine arrives with the correct aesthetic attributes and that the way it is handled by the importer does not have a negative
effect on the brand and, therefore, its owner. In particular, the imported product must have a label on the outside pack stating
that it is a parallel import and identifying the importer, the name of the manufacturer and the holder of the marketing
authorisation, as well as a unique identifier to verify the origin and authenticity of the product and the updated leaflets in the
destination language. The product may not be re-packaged because the end-user must be able to identify the fact that it is
imported. Furthermore, the outside pack must have a security seal that shows whether the pack has been opened or
manipulated. If these conditions are not met, the Company will raise the relevant objections with the importer and, if the
appropriate rectifications are not made, may request precautionary measures, thus preventing the product from being marketed.
Pharmacovigilance area
In 2024, in the Pharmacovigilance area, ROVI worked to ensure that the benefit/risk balance of its medicines remained
favourable in order to protect patient health. Attention should be drawn to the fact that no changes were made in relation to
procedures that affect the safety of ROVI products. If any notifications were to be received that indicated a change in the benefit/
risk balance, the Pharmacovigilance Department would take the relevant measures after they had been notified to and
evaluated and approved by the pertinent health authorities.
In addition, the Group carries out annual pharmacovigilance training programmes, which are mandatory for all employees. as
part of its continuous training. The pharmacovigilance training courses imparted in 2024 entailed a total expense of €11,105.
133