ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
20. That proprietary directors representing significant shareholders must resign from the board if the
shareholder they represent disposes of its entire equity interest. They should also resign, in a proportional
fashion, in the event that said shareholder reduces its percentage interest to a level that requires a decrease
in the number of proprietary directors representing this shareholder.
Complies [ ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ] Not applicable [ X ]
21. That the board of directors may not propose the dismissal of any independent director before the completion
of the director’s term provided for in the bylaws unless the board of directors finds just cause and a prior
report has been prepared by the appointments committee. Specifically, just cause is considered to exist if the
director takes on new duties or commits to new obligations that would interfere with his or her ability to
dedicate the time necessary for attention to the duties attendant to his post as a director, fails to complete
the tasks inherent to his or her post, or enters into any of the circumstances which would cause the loss of
independent status in accordance with applicable law.
The dismissal of independent directors may also be proposed as a result of a public share offer, joint
venture or similar transaction entailing a change in the shareholder structure of the company,
provided that such changes in the structure of the board are the result of the proportionate representation
criteria provided for in Recommendation 16.
Complies [ X ] Explanation [ ]
22. Companies should establish rules obliging directors to disclose any circumstance that might harm the
organisation’s name or reputation, related or not to their actions within the company, and tendering their
resignation as the case may be, and, in particular, to inform the board of directors of any criminal charges
brought against them and the progress of any trial.
When the board is informed or becomes aware of any of the situations mentioned in the previous paragraph,
the board of directors should examine the case as soon as possible and, attending to the particular
circumstances, decide, based on a report from the nomination and remuneration committee, whether or not
to adopt any measures such as opening of an internal investigation, calling on the director to resign or
proposing his or her dismissal. The board should give a reasoned account of all such determinations in the
annual corporate governance report, unless there are special circumstances that justify otherwise, which must
be recorded in the minutes. This is without prejudice to the information that the company must disclose, if
appropriate, at the time it adopts the corresponding measures.
Complies [ X ] Complies partially [ ] Explanation [ ]
53 / 65