Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
– A payment of 200 thousand euros upon commencement of the marketing of any pharmaceutical product in any of
the main markets (United States, Japan, Germany, France, Italy or the United Kingdom). This payment was made
in 2022.
b.2) If the development or marketing is performed by third parties:
– 5% of the revenues obtained by ROVI from the development and marketing of the products by third parties (net of
direct or indirect production costs and administration expenses).
Payments for the internal development or marketing detailed in section a) exclude those performed under section b) and
vice versa, but if ROVI completes clinical development phases 1 and 2 and entrusts the subsequent phases to a third
party or performs them for a third party, this clause will apply, but the payments made for phases 1 and 2 under section
a) will be deducted.
The work and clinical trials for development of the products mentioned in point a) above are progressing as planned.
30. Remuneration of the Board of Directors and senior management
At 31 December 2024, The Board of directors was formed by the following members:
Mr Juan López-Belmonte Encina Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Mr Javier López-Belmonte Encina First Deputy Chairman
Mr Iván López-Belmonte Encina Second Deputy Chairman
Mr Marcos Peña Pinto Coo-ordinating Director
Ms Marina del Corral Téllez Director
Ms Teresa Corzo Santamaría Director
Ms Fátima Báñez García Director
The non-director secretary was Mr Gabriel Núñez Fernández.
a) In compliance with the provisions of article 28 of the Regulations of the Board of Directors of Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A., the following information is provided with respect to the members of the Board of Directors at
31 December 2024:
1. An individual breakdown of the remuneration of each director, including, where applicable:
a. Per diem expenses or other fixed compensation received as director and additional remuneration received as
chair or member of any Board committee. The amounts for 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
Thousand euros
2024 2023
D. Juan López-Belmonte Encina 180 180
D. Javier López-Belmonte Encina 80 80
D. Iván López-Belmonte Encina 80 80
Dña. Marina del Corral Téllez 80 80
Dña. Teresa Corzo Santamaría 80 80
D. Marcos Peña Pinto 80 80
Dña. Fátima Báñez García 80 80
660 660
b. None of the directors has received remuneration corresponding to shares in profits or bonuses.
c. Contributions made to defined-contribution pension plans in the director's favour (Note 3.12); or increases in the
vested rights of the director in the case of contributions to defined-benefit plans (no defined-benefit plans exist):
51