Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2020
(Thousands of euros)
An increase or decrease of 10% in the growth of said public spending would mean an increase of 585 thousand euros or
a decrease of 590 thousand euros, respectively, in the amounts recognised
c) Grouping of items
In order to facilitate an understanding of the statement of financial position, income statement, statement of changes in
equity and statement of cash flows, the items on these statements are presented in groups and the required analyses
are included in the relevant Notes to the Annual Accounts.
3. Accounting policies
3.1 Intangible assets
a) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred, while the development costs incurred in a project are
recognised as intangible assets when the following requirements are met:
- the project is viable from a technical and commercial point of view,
- sufficient technical and financial resources are available to complete it,
- the costs incurred can be determined reliably, and
- profits are likely to be generated.
The Company considers that, in the case of the development of pharmaceutical products, the aforementioned
requirements are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new
products developed under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing
authorisation is filed.
When the carrying amount of an asset is higher than its recoverable amount, its value is immediately written down to the
recoverable amount.
In the event that the favourable circumstances of the project that have allowed the development expenses to be
capitalised were to change, the portion that had not yet been amortised would be taken to profit and loss in the reporting
period in which the change in circumstances took place.
b) Licences and trademarks
Product licences and trademarks are shown at acquisition cost. Those that have a finite useful life and are carried at cost
less accumulated amortisation and recognised impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line
method to allocate the cost of trademarks and licenses over their estimated useful lives, which are between 10 and 15
years. Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever any event or change in circumstances indicates that their
carrying amount may not be recoverable.
9