Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
1. General information
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (the “parent company" or "the Company") was incorporated as a public limited
company (“sociedad anónima”) in Madrid on 21 December 1946. It is entered in the Companies Register of Madrid,
sheet 1,179, folio 197 of volume 713 of Companies Book 283. Its registered and tax address is Calle Julián Camarillo,
35, Madrid (Spain).
The Company’s activity focuses the sale of its own pharmaceutical products and the distribution of other products for
which it holds licences granted by other laboratories for specific periods, in accordance with the terms and conditions
contained in the agreements entered into with said laboratories, and the provision of contract manufacturing services to
third parties.
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. is the parent of a pharmaceutical business group (hereinafter, “ROVI” or “Rovi
Group” or “Group”) engaged in the production and sale of pharmaceutical products, some of which have been developed
in-house. Low-molecular-weight heparins, which are marketed in different countries, are the Group’s main products.
Additionally, ROVI provides manufacturing services to third parties, among which solutions for prefilled syringes, solid
oral forms and vials can be highlighted.
The Company’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges and included in the
Spanish Stock Exchange Automated Quotation System (IBEX35).
At both 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. held 58.19% of the shares of
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (Note 15). Norbel Inversiones, S.L., whose registered office is at Calle Julián
Camarillo, 35, Madrid, files consolidated annual accounts with the Madrid Companies Register.
Changes in the consolidated group
On 27 January 2025, the Group, through its subsidiary Gineladius, S.L.U., acquired control of Cells IA Technologies,
S.L. after reaching a percentage holding of 94.995% in the company’s share capital (at 31 December 2024, Gineladius,
S.L.U. held an interest of 26.003%). The 27 January operation was structured through two simultaneous transactions.
– A capital increase and share premium of 2,250 thousand euros in exchange for an additional interest of
23.997%. Of this amount, 226 thousand euros was settled in kind through the contribution by Gineladius, S.L.U.
to Cells IA Technologies, S.L of the line of credit, while the remaining 2,024 thousand euros was paid in full at
the time.
– A sale and purchase transaction in the following terms with the other two shareholders that, with Gineladius,
S.L.U., held interests in the share capital:
• With Elsian Technologies, S.L. (24.495%). The following agreements were reached:
◦ Fixed price: 706 thousand euros paid up on said date.
◦ Price based on the continuity of key personnel from Elsian Technologies, S.L. in the
management of Cells IA Technologies, S.L.: 470 thousand euros.
◦ Earn-out 1, depending on meeting operational milestones: 294 thousand euros.
◦ Earn-out 2, based on a potential divestment on the part of Gineladius, S.L.U.: 5% of the
potential price received by the latter.
• With Lungovest, S.L. (20.5%). The following agreements were reached:
◦ Fixed price: 734 thousand euros paid up on said date.
◦ Price based on the continuity of key Lungovest, S.L. personnel in the management of Cells IA
Technologies, S.L.: 490 thousand euros.
◦ Earn-out 1, depending on meeting operational milestones: 306 thousand euros.
8