Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
• IAS 41 “Agriculture”. The amendment removes the requirement of IAS 41 for entities to exclude taxation
cash flows when measuring the fair value of a biological asset using a present value technique.
The IASB proposes that these amendments should come into force on 1 January, 2022. When they do, ROVI will
take these changes into account.
• IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”, replacing IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”. The new IFRS 17 establishes the
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts within the scope
of IFRS 17. Moreover, it removes current inconsistencies and weaknesses through a new framework based on a
single principle to account for all insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts. The IASB proposes that
this Standard should come into force on 1 January, 2023. No significant impacts on ROVI are expected.
c) Standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that have not been endorsed by the
European Union.
At the date of signature of these consolidated annual accounts, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
the International Financial Standards Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) had published the standards, amendments and
interpretations described below which have not yet been endorsed by the European Union. ROVI considers that the
following could be applicable to the Group:
• IAS 1 (Amendment) “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This will mean a change in the classification of
liabilities. This Amendment arises with the intention of promoting uniform application and clarifying the
requirements to determine whether a liability is current or non-current. The IASB proposes that this Amendment
should come into force on 1 January, 2023. ROVI will analyse the potential impact of this Amendment, but no
significant effects are expected.
• IAS 1 (Amendment) “Presentation of Financial Statements”. This will help those preparing the financial statements
to apply the concept of materiality in disclosing accounting policies. The IASB proposes that this Amendment
should come into force on 1 January, 2023, although early adoption is permitted. ROVI will analyse the potential
impact of this Amendment, but no significant effects are expected.
• IAS 8 (Amendment) “Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors”. This Amendment is
intended to clarify how to distinguish between accounting policies and accounting estimates, focusing on the
definition and clarification of what accounting policies are. To do this, it introduces a new definition of estimate as
monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainties. The IASB proposes that
this Amendment should come into force on 1 January, 2023, although early adoption is permitted. It will be applied
prospectively for changes in accounting estimates and policies that occur on or after the start of the first annual
period in which the company applies the Amendment. ROVI will consider applying this Amendment if there are
any changes in its accounting policies or estimates.
• IAS 12 (Amendment) “Income Taxes”. This Amendment is intended to clarify how companies should recognize
deferred taxes on certain transactions. The IASB proposes that this Amendment should come into force on 1
January, 2023, although early adoption is permitted. ROVI will analyse the potential impact of this Amendment,
but no significant effects are expected.
2.3 Consolidation principles
a) Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group holds control. The Group controls an entity
when it is exposed to or entitled to obtain variable yields from its involvement in the entity and is able to use its power over
said entity to influence these yields. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
Group and de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
9