Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
3.8 Equity
Share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
The costs of issuing new shares or options are shown directly in equity as a reduction in reserves.
When treasury shares are purchased, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental cost is
deducted from the equity until the shares are cancelled, reissued or resold. Where such shares are subsequently sold or
reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs, is included in equity.
The Company classifies a financial instrument acquired as a financial liability, in full or in part, when its real economic
nature represents a direct or indirect contract obligation for the Company to deliver cash or another financial asset or to
exchange financial assets or liabilities with another entity under potentially unfavourable conditions.
Contracts that impose an obligation on the Company to acquire its own equity instruments, in cash or by delivering a
financial asset, are recognised in reserves as a financial liability at the present value of the amount to be paid.
Transaction costs are likewise recognised as a decrease in reserves.
3.9 Financial liabilities
a) Financial liabilities at amortised cost
The Company classifies all liabilities in this category except when they must be measured at fair value through profit and
loss. The category includes trade and non-trade debits. These debits are classified as current liabilities unless the
Company has an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date.
These debts are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs directly incurred, and are subsequently stated at
amortised cost applying the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is the discount rate that makes the
carrying amount of the instrument equal to the expected flow of future payments forecast until maturity of the liability.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, trade debits maturing at no more than one year that do not have a contract interest rate
are measured, both initially and subsequently, at their face value when the effect of not discounting the cash flows is not
significant.
b) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss are those held for trading that the Company has irrevocably
designated in this category and certain hybrid financial liabilities.
These financial liabilities are measured, both initially and in subsequent measurements, at their fair value, recognising
any changes in profit and loss for the period.
Transaction costs directly allocable to issuance are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
3.10 Grants received
Grants are recognised at fair value when it is reasonably certain that the grant will be received and the Company meets
all the conditions established for receiving it. Grants associated to reimbursable advances are recognised when the
advances are granted.
Reimbursable grants are recognised as liabilities until they meet the conditions not to be considered non-reimbursable,
while non-reimbursable grants are recognised as income directly in equity on a systematic and rational basis in
correlation with the expenses derived from the grant.
In this respect, a grant is considered non-reimbursable when there is an individual decision to award the grant, all the
conditions fixed for awarding it have been met and there is no reasonable doubt that it will be received. Monetary grants
are recognised at the fair value of the amount awarded and non-monetary grants at the fair value of the item received. In
both cases, the values refer to the time of recognition.
13