Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
2. Individual breakdown of any awards made to directors of shares, share options or any other instrument linked to
share price, stating:
a. The number of shares or options awarded in the year and the conditions applicable for exercising them;
b. The number of options exercised during the year, indicating the number of shares involved and the
exercise price;
c. The number of options pending exercise at the year end, indicating price, date, and other exercise
requirements;
d. Any amendment during the year of the conditions for the exercising of options already awarded.
In the periods 2017 and 2016, no shares, options or other instruments linked to the share value were given to
directors.
3. Information on the relationship between compensation received by executive directors and results or other
measurements of the Company’s performance:
2017 2016
Compensation of executive directors 1,130 1,129
Profit attributed to the parent company 18,673 29,932
Compensation of executive directors/profit attributed to the
parent company 6.05% 3.77%
The Company holds a liability insurance policy for directors and senior management. A premium of 12 thousand euros
accrued for this policy in 2017.
b) Conflicts of interests on the part of the directors
In compliance with their duty to avoid situations where conflict with the Company’s interests exists, the directors who held
office on the Board of Directors during the period met the obligations set forth in article 228 of the Revised Text of the
Capital Companies Act. Likewise, both they and the persons related to them refrained from entering into the situations of
conflict of interests provided for in article 229 of said Act.
34. Events after the end of the reporting period
No significant events have taken place since 31 December, 2017.
59