Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with "Plan General de Contabilidad"
approved by Royal Decree 1514/007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2024
(Thousand euros)
3.13 Provisions and contingent liabilities
When issuing the annual accounts, the Board of Directors distinguishes between:
– Provisions: credit balances that cover present obligations as a result of past events, the settlement of which is
likely to require an outflow of resources, although their amounts and/or times of settlement have not been
determined.
– Contingent liabilities: possible obligations as a result of past events, the future materialisation of which depends
on whether or not one or more future events take place irrespective of the Company's wishes.
The statement of financial position shows all the provisions for which it is considered more likely than not that settlement
will be required. Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the accounts but are reported in the Notes.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
The increase in the provision due to updating is recognised as a finance cost as accrued.
Provisions maturing at one year or less with an insignificant financial effect are not discounted.
When part of the expenditure necessary to settle the provision is expected to be reimbursed by a third party, the
reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, provided it is almost certain to be received.
Provisions for environmental restoration, restructuring costs and legal claims are recognised when the Company has a
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be
required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise lease
termination penalties and employee termination payments. No provisions are recognised for future operating losses.
Contingent liabilities are the possible obligations arising from past events the materialisation of which depends on
whether one or more future events take place irrespective of the Company’s wishes. These contingent liabilities are not
recognised but details are set out in the Notes (Note 28).
3.14 Business combinations
Transactions of merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution of a business between group companies are recorded
applying the rules for transactions with related parties (Note 3.18).
Other merger, spin-off or non-monetary contribution transactions and business combinations arising from the acquisition
of all the assets and liabilities of a company or a part of a company that comprises one or more businesses are
recognised applying the acquisition method.
For business combinations resulting from the acquisition of shares in the capital of a company, the Company recognises
the investment in accordance with the rules for investments in the equity of group, multi-group and associated
companies.
3.15 Revenue recognition
Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods, rendering of services
and other revenue received in the ordinary course of the Company’s activities. Revenue is shown net of value-added tax
returns, rebates and discounts.
The Company recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future
economic benefits will flow to the Company and specific criteria have been met for each of the activities as described
below. The amount of revenue is not considered to be reliably measurable until all contingencies relating to the sale have
been resolved. The Company bases its estimates on historical results, taking into consideration the type of customer, the
type of transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.
a) Sales of goods
The Company sells pharmaceutical products for which it holds a manufacturing and sale licence in the wholesale market
and also to retailers. It also acquires and sells pharmaceutical products of other entities.
15