Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024
(Thousand euros)
3. Accounting policies
The accounting policies applied in preparing the condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month
period ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those used in preparing the consolidated annual accounts for the year
ended 31 December 2023 (the policy for recognising and measuring corporate income tax in the interim period is
explained in Note 22), as described in said consolidated annual accounts, and no significant estimates inconsistent with
those made In the 2023 reporting period have been made.
The rules and interpretations issued by the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee that have come into force in
2024 and are mandatory for ROVI were described in the consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December
2023. Their application has not had a significant effect on the Group.
4. Critical estimates and accounting judgements
The preparation of interim financial statements requires management to exercise its judgement and make estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of the accounting policies and the amounts presented in the assets and liabilities
and the revenues and expenses. The actual figures may differ from these estimates.
While preparing these interim financial statements, the matters where management has exercised its judgement
significantly when applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of uncertainty in the estimates were the
same as those applied in the consolidated annual accounts for the reporting period ended 31 December 2023.
5. Financial risk management
Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, fair value interest rate
risk, cash flow interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management programme
focuses on the uncertainty of the financial markets and tries to minimise any potential adverse effects on the Group’s
financial profitability.
The interim financial statements do not include all the information and breakdowns of the financial risk management that
are mandatory for annual financial statements and, therefore, must be read in conjunction with the consolidated annual
accounts for the period ended 31 December 2023. There have been no changes in risk management or in any risk
management policy since the date of the financial statements for the preceding annual reporting period. In 2024, the
Group has signed two new loans at fixed interest rates and, therefore, the interest rate risk is not significant (Note 17a).
Liquidity risk
There have been no significant changes in the non-discounted contractual cash outflows for financial liabilities in
comparison with the reporting date for the preceding annual period.
Fair value estimation
Measurement of financial instruments at market price is classified into:
– Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
– Level 2. Level 2. Observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly observable (i.e. prices) or indirectly
observable (i.e. price-based), other than the quoted prices included in Level 1.
– Level 3. Inputs for the asset or liability not based on observable market data (i.e. non-observable inputs).
Measurements at market prices of the Group’s financial instruments recorded at fair value, the totality of which are
classified as equity securities (Note 10), are classified as Level 1.
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as equity securities) is based on quoted market
prices at the annual reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid
price.
9