Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
c) Bonus obligations
The Company recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on the estimates of meeting certain corporate
targets established for employees.
d) Share-based payments
The Company recognises the goods or services received or acquired in a transaction with share-based payments at the
time the goods are obtained or the services received. If the goods or services are received in a transaction with share-
based payments settled with equity instruments, an increase in equity is recognised, while if they are settled in cash, a
liability is recognised, with its balancing item in profit or loss or in the assets of the statement of financial position.
The Company recognises transactions in share-based payments settled through Company equity instruments, including
capital increases with non-monetary payments, as well as the increase in equity related thereto, at the fair value of the
goods or services received, unless said fair value cannot be reliably estimated, in which case the value will be measured
in accordance with the fair value of the equity instruments handed over.
Equity instruments handed over in consideration for services provided by Company employees or third parties who provide
similar services will be measured in accordance with the fair value of the equity instruments handed over.
Share-based payments to employees settled by issuing equity instruments
Payments to employees settled by issuing equity instruments are recognized by applying the following criteria:
• If the equity instruments awarded vest immediately at the time they are awarded, the services received are
charged to profit and loss with the resulting increase in equity;
• If the equity instruments awarded vest when the employees complete a certain period of service, the services
received are recognized over the vesting period and credited to equity accounts.
The Company determines the fair value of the instruments awarded to employees at the date they are awarded.
Market and other conditions that do not determine vesting are considered when measuring the fair value of the instrument.
The rest of the vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of equity instruments included when
determining the amount of the transaction, in such a way that, finally, the amount recognised for the services received is
based on the number of equity instruments that are likely to vest. Consequently, the Company recognizes the amount for
the services received over the vesting period, based on the best estimate of the number of instruments that will vest and
this estimate is revised in accordance with the rights that are expected to vest.
Once the services received and the related increase in equity are recognised, no additional adjustments will be made to
the equity after the vesting date, although the relevant reclassifications in equity will be made.
If the Company retains equity instruments in order to pay the employee’s income tax into the Public Treasury, the entire
plan will be treated as having been settled in equity instruments, except for the portion of the instruments retained that
exceeds the fair value of the tax obligation.
3.12 Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions for environmental restoration, restructuring costs and legal claims are recognised when the Company has a
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise lease termination
penalties and employee termination payments. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
17