Free translation of the 2017 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2017 Consolidated Management Report
4.3.- Other social issues
Commitment to research
ROVI assigns part of its resources to promoting medical research. Over the last few years, it has carried on intensive
activity to support research and foster the prevention and knowledge of certain diseases. Nowadays, ROVI has a
cooperation agreement with the University of Granada, in order to combine efforts to increase scientific, technological
and training activities and the sharing of knowledge.
Commitment to training
In order to provide qualified students with access to a work environment and enhance their skills, knowledge and
experience, a training program is run in the company. In this respect, it has a cooperation agreement with more than
twenty universities, educational centres an business schools. This program helps the students to commence their
working life in a professional work environment.
Corporate Volunteering Program
In 2017, in addition to helping to reinforce healthy practices in the company by cooperating with foundations and
organizations, Management approved the sponsorship of training activities and social and health-related support for the
professionals (trainers, physiotherapists, etc.) who cooperate with the foundations TAMBIÉN and DEPORTE Y
DESAFÍO.
These are two private non-profit organizations that have the main objective of socially integrating people with disabilities
through sport. ROVI’s contribution is aimed to cooperate in activities related to skiing, trekking, canoeing and other
sports. In 2017, ROVI’s cooperation consisted of starting up a corporate volunteering program, through which employees
become involved in activities aimed to mainstream adaptive sports for people with disabilities, such as skiing, trekking,
canoeing, etc.
Furthermore, in order to reinforce the involvement of ROVI personnel in these activities, groups of employees who
cooperate in them as volunteers are organized.
Commitment to social projects
As an example of the high degree of ROVI’s commitment to society, it assiduously cooperates with organizations like the
Red Cross, supporting child assistance and protection initiatives; Proyecto Hombre Granada, helping it to continue with
its reinsertion activities; and Fundación Recover, cooperating with its programs to improve healthcare in Africa.
Respect for human rights
ROVI is committed to actively supporting the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and requires its employees to
comply with the principles thereof in the course of the Group’s day-to-day activity. The Company combats practices
contrary to human dignity and strives to prevent workplace discrimination.
ROVI supports the principles of the United Nations Global Compact by adopting and transmitting them, as well as those
of other international instruments, especially in the areas of human rights, workplace practices, the environment and anti-
corruption.
15