Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
1. General information
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (the “parent company" or "the Company"), the parent company of the Group, was
incorporated as a public limited company (“sociedad anónima”) in Madrid on 21 December, 1946. It is entered in the
Companies Register of Madrid, sheet 1,179, folio 197 of volume 713 of Companies Book 283. Its registered office and
the tax address are at Julián Camarillo, 35, Madrid. Its head office is located at the same address in Madrid.
The Company’s principal activity is the sale of its own pharmaceutical products and the distribution of other products for
which it holds licences granted by other laboratories for specific periods, in accordance with the terms and conditions
contained in the agreements entered into with said laboratories.
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. is the parent of a pharmaceutical business group (hereinafter, “ROVI” or “Rovi
Group” or “Group”) engaged in the production and sale of pharmaceutical products. The Group’s main product is
Bemiparin, a low-molecular-weight heparin, which is marketed in various countries.
At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the company Norbel Inversiones, S.L. owned 69.64% of the shares of Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (Note 15). Norbel Inversiones, S.L, the registered office of which is at Calle Julián Camarillo,
35, Madrid, files consolidated annual accounts with the Madrid Companies Registry.
The Company’s shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges and included in the
Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (Continuous Market).
These Consolidated Annual Accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on February 19, 2018 and are pending
approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Nevertheless the Directors of the Company expect the Annual
Accounts to be approved without any changes.
Changes in the consolidated group
In 2017, the company Rovi S.A.S, with registered office at 24 Rue du Drac, Seyssins (France) and 100%-held by
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A, was incorporated. This company had no activity during the reporting period and
its assets were not significant at 31 December, 2017.
In 2016, the following companies, which formed part of the Group, were incorporated:
- Rovi GmbH, with registered office at Ruhlandstr. 5, Bad Tölz (Germany), 100%-held by Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A.
- Enervit Nutrition, S.L, initially 100%-held by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. In March 2016, after a
series of corporate transactions, Enervit Nutrition, S.L. became a joint venture held 51% by ROVI and 49% by
Enervit S.r.L. (Note 10).
7