HIGHLIGHTS FIRST QUARTER 2024
ROVI CLOSES THE QUARTER WITH OPERATING REVENUE OF
151.2 MILLION EUROS
• Operating revenue was 151.2 million euros in the first quarter of 2024, a 25%
decrease on the first quarter of 2023, mainly due to the CDMO business. This
division generated (i) lower revenues from the manufacture of the COVID-19
vaccine in comparison to the first quarter of 2023, when ROVI had booked
higher income related to the production of the "pandemic" COVID-19 vaccine;
and, (ii) lower revenues related to the activities carried out to prepare the plant
for the production of the vaccine under the agreement with Moderna.
• In April 2024, ROVI announced that its subsidiary ROVI Pharma Industrial
Services, S.A.U. (“ROIS”) entered into an agreement to support the manufacture
of pre-filled syringes for a global pharmaceutical company. Under the terms of
the agreement, ROIS will provide a high-speed production line at the ROIS’ San
Sebastián de los Reyes facility in Madrid, with an estimated annual capacity of
100 million units. Commercial production is expected to commence in 2026,
and as from 2027, which is expected to be the first full recurrent manufacturing
year, ROVI´s CDMO division expects to have a positive revenue increase impact
ranging between 20% and 45% over 2023 sales.
• In March 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the
marketing of Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) in the United States to treat
schizophrenia in adults. Additionally, following normal practice, the FDA has
required that, as a post-marketing commitment, a pharmacokinetic study be
conducted to evaluate exposure to Risvan® approximately equivalent to the
daily administration of 6 mg of oral risperidone. The clinical protocol for the
study will be reviewed and agreed previously with the FDA and the final report
on the clinical study will be submitted by July 2026. This additional study does
not affect approval or commercialization.
• ROVI has likewise obtained approval for the marketing of Okedi® (Risperidone
ISM®) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults in Canada and Australia.
• In March 2024, ROVI announced the creation, jointly with Insud Pharma S.L.
and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (the investment company of
Centro para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI) of Terafront
Farmatech, a limited company (Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada)
engaged in the research and development of advanced therapies. This alliance
reinforces ROVI's commitment to innovation by expanding its R&D product
pipeline beyond its ISM® technology.
• In January 2024, the FDA inspected the company's active substance
manufacturing plant in Granada with a satisfactory result. The inspection
focused on the processes of manufacture and control of the active substance to
be used in the manufacture of Moderna's mRNA COVID-19 vaccine. This result
3