Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
10. Interests in joint ventures
Movement on interests in joint ventures in the period was as follows:
2017 2016
Balance at beginning of period 2,571 -
Additions (b) 50 2,500
Share in profits (567) 71
Balance at end of period 2,054 2,571
The nature of investment in joint ventures at 31 December, 2017 was as follows:
Country of Nature of Measurement
Name incorporation % interest relationship method
Alentia Biotech, S.L. Spain 50% a) Equity
Enervit Nutrition, S.L. Spain 51% b) Equity
a) Alentia Biotech, S.L.
In 2010, the company Alentia Biotech, S.L. (Alentia) was created, 100% held by ROVI. In February 2012, the effective
sale of 50% of the shares in Alentia Biotech, S.L. by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. to Grupo Ferrer
Internacional, S.A. took place and Alentia became a joint venture held by these two companies at 50% each.
b) Enervit Nutrition, S.L.
In the first half of 2016, ROVI contributed assets consisting of the distribution rights of the EnerZona rights in Spain and
the know-how related to the promotion, distribution and sale of these products to a newly-created subsidiary (Enervit
Nutrition, S.L.), which was the vehicle responsible for promoting these products. Said company was incorporated in
January 2016 with an initial share capital of 3 thousand euros, 100%-held by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. It
was incorporated with the intention of marketing the EnerZona products, for which ROVI held exclusive marketing rights
in Spain, and exploring and, if applicable, developing, new market possibilities for dietetic and food supplements.
ROVI and Enervit S.p.A. agreed to create a joint venture between them to carry the project out. To do this, under the
agreements described below, ROVI lost control of its subsidiary Enervit Nutrition, S.L, which, instead of being 100%-
owned by ROVI, became a joint venture under joint control with Enervit, S.p.A. The agreements were signed on 16
March, 2016 and under them:
− ROVI contributed its subsidiary Enervit Nutrition, S.L., the EnerZona distribution agreement and the know-how
related to the promotion, distribution and sale of these products (hereinafter, “the assets contributed”). For this
purpose, Enervit Nutrition, S.L. increased its capital by 3,997 thousand euros, subscribed and paid up by ROVI
through the non-monetary contribution of the aforementioned assets. Until that time, ROVI had been the owner
of said assets, which had no carrying amounts in its statement of financial position, since no consideration was
paid for them when they were acquired.
− Enervit Nutrition, S.L. carried out a further capital increase, which was subscribed and paid up by Enervit S.p.A.
by a cash contribution of 1,000 thousand euros. At that time, the interest held by ROVI dropped to 80%.
− ROVI sold Enervit S.p.A. 29% of its shares in Enervit Nutrition, S.L, meaning that Enervit S.p.A. became the
owner of 49% of the shares, while ROVI held 51%. The total selling price agreed was 1,450 thousand euros,
500 euros for each share sold.
34