LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
- Health and safety measures for patients and professionals
Customers, including potential customers, health professionals and patients, are the basis of the business and, therefore,
ROVI assumes the following commitments:
a) To bet on innovative drugs as a growth engine for ROVI.
b) To place special importance on the protection of the health and safety of customers and patients throughout the
products’ life cycles through strict compliance with the applicable legislation.
c) To observe due confidentiality in processing customer data.
d) To manage and solve their queries and complaints in the shortest period possible.
e) To monitor the customer’s experience through surveys that measure their satisfaction and other means and
systems that allow us to actively and permanently listen to the customer in all the processes and operations in
which the latter interacts with the Company.
f) To have appropriate and efficient communication channels, using the most suitable means to do so.
g) To observe and comply with the rules that govern communication and marketing activities and assume the
voluntary codes that ensure the transparency and veracity of such actions.
Guaranteeing the quality, safety and efficacy of the products that the Company places in the market is the main goal of
ROVI and all the people who form part of it. In this respect, all the Group companies have procedures in place that define
the verifications performed in all phases of the processes, including product research and development, the receipt of
raw materials and packaging materials, production, storage and distribution, until the products are consumed by the
customers.
The standards in place fully meet the Company’s internal requirements and also the external requirements imposed by
the regulatory bodies for the different products on ROVI’s portfolio.
In order to assess the compliance of these procedures, internal audits are performed periodically at all the Group’s
facilities. Furthermore, there are annual management reviews, which analyse the main points where our organisations
have room for improvement.
In addition, the quality audits by external entities show the commitment to continuing improvement and maintaining high
quality standards.
Moreover, in accordance with the frequency stipulated in the legislation applicable to the products, all Group companies,
both in Spain and in the countries to which our products are exported, are inspected by the health authorities.
- Complaints system: complaints received and solution thereto
When any customer or health professional contacts ROVI to notify a claim or complaint, the Company immediately opens
an enquiry in order to identify the cause and prevent any repetition. These enquiries may involve several departments
and may also include suppliers and/or subcontractors. The efficacy of these actions is analysed annually in the review
that ROVI management conducts of the system.
33