Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
(b) Computer software
Computer software maintenance costs are recognised as expenses when incurred. Development expenses directly
attributable to designing and testing computer programmes that are identiable and unique and that may be controlled by
the Group are recognised as intangible assets when the following conditions are met:
• It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so it can be available for use or sale;
• Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
• The entity has the capacity to use or sell the intangible asset;
• It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the
future;
• There are the proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or
sell the intangible asset; and
• It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the computer software include the costs of the employees
developing said programmes and an appropriate percentage of overheads.
Expenses that do not meet these criteria are recognised as expenses when incurred. Expenditure on an intangible asset
initially recognised in profit and loss will not subsequently be recognised as intangible assets.
Computer software has a useful life from 4 to 10 years.
(c) Research and development expenses
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense when incurred. Costs incurred in development projects (relating to
the design and testing of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when the following
requirements are met:
• It is technically possible to complete the production of the intangible asset so it can be available for use or sale;
• Management intends to complete the intangible asset to be used or sold;
• There is the capacity to use or sell the intangible asset;
• It is possible to show evidence of how the intangible asset will generate probable economic benefits in the future;
• There are the proper technical, financial or other resources available to complete the development and to use or sell
the intangible asset; and
• It is possible to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
The Group considers that, in the case of the development of pharmceutical products, the aforementioned requirements
are met when the drugs have been approved for marketing by the health authorities in the case of new products
developed under patent, or, in the case of biosimilars or generics, when the application for marketing authorisation is
filed.
The cost of assets generated internally by the Group is measured following the same principles as established for
determining the production cost of inventories. Production costs are capitalised by crediting the costs attributable to the
asset to accounts under the heading “Work performed by the Group on non-current assets” in the consolidated income
statement (consolidated statement of comprehensive income).
20