Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant
to the consolidated annual accounts are disclosed in Note 4.
2.2 New standards and amendments and interpretations of existing ones
a) Standards, amendments and interpretations mandatory for all annual periods starting on or after 1 January,
2021
In 2021, the following standards and amendments to existing standards were endorsed by the European Union and came
into force on 1 January, 2021. They have either been applied by ROVI or may affect the Group in the future:
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAC 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” and IFRS 7
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (Amendment – Phase 2): Interest rate benchmark reform. This Amendment
changes the specific requirements of hedge accounting, in such a way that companies will apply said hedge
accounting requirements assuming that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows and the cash
flows of the hedging instrument are based does not change as a result of the interest rate benchmark reform. The
entry into force of this amendment has had no impact for ROVI.
• IFRS 4 (Amendment) “Insurance Contracts” (deferral of effective date of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments). This
Amendment approves the extension of the temporary exemption from applying IFRS 8 (Amendments to IFRS 4)
(“the Amendments”). The Amendments change the end date of the temporary exemption from applying IFRS 9
from 1 January, 2021 to 1 January, 2023.
b) Standards, amendments and interpretations that have not yet come into force but have been endorsed by
the European Union
At the signature date of these consolidated annual accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the following standards, amendments and interpretations application of which is mandatory from 2022 onwards.
ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group, although they have not been adopted early:
• IFRS 3 (Amendment) “Business Combinations”. This Amendment is intended to clarify the definition of business
in order to facilitate the practical application of the Standard. The IASB proposes that this Amendment should
come into force on 1 January, 2022. ROVI will take this Amendment into account in the event that any transactions
that require the Standard to be applied take place.
• IAS 16 (Amendment) “Property, Plant and Equipment”. Through this Amendment, further details are given on
measurement on recognition of the asset and the information to disclose. The IASB proposes that this Amendment
should come into force on 1 January, 2022. ROVI will take this Amendment into account when presenting the
financial statements to which it applies, although its impact is not expected to be significant.
• IAS 37 (Amendment) “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. This Amendment gives details of
the costs of fulfilling a contract. The IASB proposes that this Amendment should come into force on 1 January,
2022. ROVI will take this Amendment into account in the event that any transactions that require the Standard to
be applied take place.
• Annual Improvements to IFRSs. Cycle 2018 – 2020. The amendments affect IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS
41. The main changes that may apply to the Group refer to:
• IFRS 1 “First-time Adoption of IFRSs”. The amendment permits a subsidiary that applies paragraph
D16(a) of IFRS 1 to measure cumulative translation differences using the amounts reported by its
parent, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRSs.
• IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. The amendment clarifies which fees an entity includes when it applies
the “10 per cent’ test in paragraph B3.3.6 of IFRS 9 in assessing whether to derecognise a financial
liability.
• IFRS 16, “Leases”. The amendment to Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16.
8