LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Regarding the significant ESRS sectors, ROVI belongs to the sector “manufacture of pharmaceutical goods” (NACE Code 21),
which includes “the manufacture of basic pharmaceutical products and pharmaceutical preparations”. The Company does not
carry out any activities related to the fossil fuel sector, the production of chemical products, controversial weapons or the
growing and production of tobacco.
In addition, ROVI does not currently have any sustainability objectives related to significant product or service groups,
customer categories, geographical areas or stakeholder relations. Likewise, neither does it provide details of aspects of the
Group’s strategy that could affect sustainability matters, such as possible challenges and solutions. It does not, therefore
include an assessment of said elements.
However, ROVI must comply with the ESRS disclosures since it is not based in an EU Member State that allows for an
exemption from the disclosure of the information to which article 18, paragraph 1, sub-point (a) of Directive 2013/34/EU
refers.
ROVI has a business model that integrates all the production processes through its five manufacturing complexes (Alcalá de
Henares, Granada, Escúzar, Madrid and San Sebastián de los Reyes).
Regarding the Group’s inflows, raw materials are the essential elements. Therefore, it is essential to manage them efficiently
and control them strictly, starting with the selection of the supplier and receiving and using the materials, and ending when
they leave the Group facilities. The main raw materials used are active ingredients, excipients and solvents for manufacturing.
In terms of current and forecast benefits for customers, investors and other stakeholders, the main objective of ROVI and all
the professionals who form part of the Company is to ensure the quality, safety and efficacy of the products the Group places
on the market, especially benefiting the end consumers and, from a financial viewpoint, the investors via dividends.
ROVI’s value chain is divided into three main parts, upstream, own operations and downstream, in which a total of ten different
activities take place:
• Upstream: procurement of goods and services, purchasing of finished pharmaceutical products and strategic
manufacturing agreements.
• Own operations: pre-manufacturing of medicines and technology (R&D&I), manufacturing of own and third-party
products, commercial activity, and out-licensing.
• Downstream: distribution, customers, product use, reuse or end of useful life.
◦ Disclosure Requirement SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose how stakeholders’ interests and views inform the Company’s
strategy and business model.
ROVI seeks to transmit trust and credibility among its stakeholders through its commitment to transparency, ensuring that the
responsibility acquired by the Company in its mission, vision and values extends to and is accepted by all its stakeholders,
promoting active dialogue and strengthening its relationship with them. Thus, it achieves harmonisation between its business
identity and stakeholder expectations by adapting, as far as possible, Group policies and strategies to stakeholder interests,
concerns and needs.
I. Stakeholder engagement
ROVI strives to maintain permanent, constructive dialogue with its stakeholders as a fundamental part of its business strategy.
To achieve this, it uses different communication channels that allow it, not only to strengthen its relations with stakeholders,
but also to identify the topics that are most important to them in relation to the Company’s activity. In this respect, ROVI’s
objective is to understand the positive and negative impacts it is having on its stakeholders and the risks and opportunities to
which its activity may be exposed. ROVI considers the following stakeholders to be of key importance:
15