Free translation of the Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2024 Management report
prolactin (7.8%), headaches (7.3%), hyperprolactinemia (5%) and weight increase (4.8%). No important new or
unexpected safety information was reported. Likewise, patients who successfully completed the double-blind period were
offered the opportunity to continue in a long-term, open-label 12-month extension phase with once every four weeks
injections of Risperidone ISM® (75 mg or 100 mg). New, clinically stable patients ("de novo" patients) were also able to
enter this open phase of the study. Long-term treatment was observed to be effective, safe and well tolerated in adult
patients with schizophrenia, regardless the initial severity of the disease or whether they had been treated previously with
Risperidone ISM® during an acute exacerbation or switched from stable doses of oral risperidone(5). Likewise,
Risperidone ISM® provided a swift and sustained improvement in functioning (both social and personal) and health-
related quality of life. These findings, together with a quick onset of effectiveness, could help strengthen the therapeutic
alliance and possibly lead to an earlier hospital discharge. Furthermore, the patient’s functioning either continued to
improve or remained stable with long-term treatment(6).
Notwithstanding, as mentioned above, ROVI has decided not to market Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) in the United
States after assessing the uncertainties and opportunities associated to this launch. The main factors that contributed to
this decision were:
– The prioritisation of the Company’s investments in the CDMO business and the clinical development of a new
quarterly formulation of Letrozole (Letrozole LEBE).
– The absence of a partner that furnishes the Company with the capacities and structure necessary to ensure
adequate continuous distribution of Risvan® in the United States market, in order to thus maximise the benefits
of this innovative prolonged-release, long-acting injectable drug therapy for the patients and take advantage of
all the potential for expansion and commercial development that the schizophrenia field offers.
– The delay in the launch, which coincides with a forecast price reduction in the area of long-acting injectables
(LAIs) for the treatment of schizophrenia in the United States and potential amendments to United States
legislation or policy regarding the pharmaceutical industry, jeopardising the expected profitability of Risvan®.
– The United States market lacks regulatory differentiation or specification on the technical data sheet of
prolonged-release, long-acting injectables that share the indication “Treatment of schizophrenia in adult
patients”, which does not favour the positioning of Risvan® in a market with strong competitors. To this, it would
be necessary to add the time and cost of the pharmacokinetic studies required to evaluate exposure to Risvan®
similar to the daily administration of 6mg of oral risperidone.
ROVI has, therefore, chosen to focus on the European development of Okedi®, where there are less uncertainties, and
expects this product to reach potential global sales of between 100 and 200 million euros in upcoming years.
4.5 ROVI, Insud Pharma and Innvierte (CDTI) create a company for the research and development of advanced
therapies
ROVI informed (by publication of the other relevant information number 27397 dated 12th March 2024) of the agreement
that has been concluded with Insud Pharma S.L. and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment
company of Centro para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI) to incorporate, together with these two entities,
a limited company (Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) engaged in the research and development of advanced
therapies.
This agreement, which was approved at the meeting of the Council of Ministers held on 12 March 2024, falls within the
framework of the Vanguard Health Strategic Project for Economic Recovery and Transformation (PERTE), promoted by
the Spanish Government. This PERTE concerns the creation of a public-private investment vehicle to develop advanced,
innovative and/or emerging medicines, therapies and/or technologies. The goal is to favour the deployment of the
technical and industrial capacities necessary to generate a high performance healthcare system intended to protect
health by providing an immediate and flexible response to healthcare challenges and favouring sustainability.
The share capital of this new entity will be 49% held by the Ministry of Science, Innovation and Universities through the
company Innvierte, while Insud Pharma and ROVI will hold 25.5% each. The shareholders undertake to make an initial
combined contribution of 74,867,346.94 euros. The investment will be made in accordance with the needs of the projects
defined in the future and will be subject to the shareholders’ approval of the relevant business plan. Such investment
could reach 220 million euros, which would be contributed by the public and private investors that are participating.
It is planned that Innvierte’s contributions could be made with European “Next Generation EU” funds, which include the
EU Recovery and Resilience Facility established in Regulation (EU) 2921/241 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 12 February 2021.
5 Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of once-monthly Risperidone ISM® in the treatment of
schizophrenia: Results from a 12-month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2021 Nov 27;239:83-91.
6 Litman R, Naber D, Anta L, Martínez J, Filts Y, Correll CU. Personal and Social Functioning and Health-Related Quality of Life in patients with
Schizophrenia Treated with the Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Risperidone ISM. Neuropsychiatr Dis Treat. 2023 Jan 25;19:219-232.
6