LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
• Environment
• Human Rights and Labour Practices
• Ethics
• Sustainable Purchasing
Additionally, the ESG and Quality areas conduct an evaluation of the scores assigned to the suppliers and subcontractors on the
EcoVadis platform. This check is specifically aimed at those classified as high-risk suppliers or subcontractors (with a score
lower than 25 out of 100), regarding whom ROVI has undertaken to establish an action plan and monitor it continuously. In the
event that, when the score is received, it represents a high risk and the contractual relationship with the supplier or
subcontractor has not yet commenced, the Group will assess whether or not to begin working with it. The expense associated to
the EcoVadis platform totalled €25,965.89.
In this respect, the consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and Equipment” and Note 7
“Intangible Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in Note 25 “Other Operating
Expenses”.
Lastly, as in 2023, no problems or serious cases related to human rights were reported in the upstream or downstream value
chain in 2024.
c. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement S2-5: Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts and managing material risks and opportunities
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the targets set by ROVI to address the impacts
and risks associated to value chain workers.
At present, the Group does not have any measurable time-bound and outcome-oriented targets that must be met in managing
the material impacts and opportunities identified and does not plan to establish them in the short term. However, ROVI monitors
the efficacy of the measures relating to the IROs identified by establishing future actions.
Regarding the Sustainable Purchasing Questionnaire implemented in 2024, it will be sent to suppliers with whom a business
relationship already exists, in order to gradually increase the proportion of suppliers who complete it.
Additionally, as in previous years, in the years to come, ROVI undertakes to strive to achieve the adhesion of a higher number of
suppliers to the EcoVadis platform, reviewing their respective scores annually.
Lastly, ROVI will monitor its Human Rights Policy is a similar way to the rest of its policies, identifying the need to revise and
update it when necessary.
125