Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
The products are sold with volume discounts and customers are entitled to return damaged products. Sales are
recognised at the price fixed in the sale contract, net of volume discounts and returns estimated at the date of sale.
Volume discounts are measured based on estimated annual purchases. Returns are not significant and they are
measured based on the Company’s historical experience (Note 2). Sales are carried out with short-term collection
periods. The Company’s practice is generally to claim late-payment interest -calculated on the basis of the actual
collection period- from government entities from which receivables are not collected in the short term.
b) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest method. When a receivable is impaired, the
Company reduces the carrying amount to its recoverable amount, discounting the estimated future cash flow at the
original effective interest rate of the instrument, and continues unwinding the discount as less interest income. Interest
income on impaired loans is recognised using the effective interest rate method.
c) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised in profit and loss when the right to receive payment is established. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the dividends distributed come from profits generated before the acquisition date, they are not recognised as
income and are shown as a decrease in the carrying amount of the investment.
d) Other revenues: granting of exclusive distribution licences
The revenue received from the granting of exclusive distribution licenses for ROVI products to other companies is
recognised on accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the corresponding contracts.
To date, the Company has granted several exclusive licences to third parties to sell its products in specific territories.
Under these agreements, ROVI has received a single amount for transfer of licence, with no refund obligation or the
possibility of refund under very restrictive terms, when the product has been authorised for distribution in a given territory.
In addition, the Company undertakes, for the term of the contract, to sell the products under contract to the distributor at
the prices agreed in the contract. The amount received on the transfer of the licence is recorded as “net sales” on a
straight-line basis over the term of the contract. The non-accrued portion is recorded as a non-current liability if it is to be
recognised in revenues after a period longer than a year.
3.15 Leases
When the Company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are recognised
in profit and loss in the period in which they accrue on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
18