Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
3.3 Impairment losses on non-financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation/depreciation and are tested annually for impairment.
Assets subject to amortisation/depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value
less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that
have suffered impairment are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to see whether the impairment has been
reversed.
3.4 Financial assets
a) Classification of financial assets
The Company classifies its financial assets into the following categories:
1) Financial assets at amortised cost: financial assets at amortised cost are non-derivative financial assets with fixed
or determinable payments that are not listed on an active market. They are included in current assets, except for
maturities at more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and
other receivables are included in “Credits to companies” and “Trade and other receivables” in the statement of
financial position.
Bank deposits maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category.
Securities representing debt with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturities that are traded on an active
market and that company Management has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity are also recognized
in this category. If the Company were to sell other than an insignificant amount of these financial assets, the assets
would be reclassified as financial assets at fair value through equity. These financial assets are included in non-
current assets, except for those with maturities at less than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified
as current assets.
These financial assets are recognised initially at fair value, including transaction costs directly attributable to them,
and subsequently measured at amortised cost, recognising the interest accrued in accordance with the effective
interest rate, defined as the discount rate that equals the carrying amount of the instrument to the totality of its
estimated cash flows until maturity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, credits for trading operations maturing at more
than one year are measured, both upon initial recognition and subsequently, at their face value, provided that the
effect of not discounting the flows is not significant.
At least at the end of the reporting period, the measurement adjustments required due to impairment will be made
if there is objective evidence that not all the amounts outstanding will be received.
The amount of the impairment loss is the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the present value
of the estimated future cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate upon initial recognition. Impairment
losses and, if applicable, the reversal thereof are recognised in profit and loss.
2) Financial assets at cost: this category includes investments in the equity of group and associated companies and
investments in equity instruments whose fair value cannot be determined by reference to a quoted price in an active
market for an identical instrument or cannot be reliably estimated. They are measured at cost less, if applicable, the
cumulative amount of any impairment losses. Notwithstanding, when an investment exists prior to the classification
as a group, multi-group or associated company, the carrying amount before being thus classified is deemed to be
an investment cost. Previous value adjustments recorded directly in the equity remain there until they are
derecognised.
12