LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Timing and
Implementation process
requirements
Do no
Substantial Minimum
Identification significant harm Calculation
contribution safeguards
(DNSH) From 1 January 2022
% of Taxonomy eligible
activities (turnover, CapEx and
OpEx)
Does the activity Qualitative information
Does the activity
meet the on accounting
cause harm to any
Is the activity Si substantial Si of the other 5 No Are the minimum Si principles
contribution
Taxonomyeligible criteria environmental safeguards From 1 January 2023
? objectives fulfilled?
defined for one of
the environmental according to the For each Taxonomy aligned
objectives? criteria defined? activity
Taxonomy- • Turnover
No No Sí No aligned • • C O A P P E E X X
activity
• CAPEX plan
• Qualitative information
on accounting criteria
• Contextual
Activity not Activity not Activity not Activity not • information
Taxonomy aligned Taxonomy aligned Taxonomy aligned Taxonomy aligned
b. Eligibility screening
In 2024, eligibility screening was conducted by segregating in accordance with the Annexes applicable to the ROVI Group.
Likewise, the eligibility screening of the activities was conducted considering the information provided by different departments
of ROVI in the different business areas.
◦ Eligible activities
In this respect, the activities that are considered eligible for ROVI in 2024 in accordance with the Delegated Regulation of 4
June 2021 and its Climate Change Mitigation Annex are the following:
– Activity 5.4: “Renewal of waste water collection and treatment”.
– Activity 7.3: “Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment”.
– Activity 7.4: “Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for electric vehicles in buildings”.
– Activity 7.5: “Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and devices for measuring, regulating and controlling
energy performance of buildings”.
– Activity 7.6: “Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies”.
In addition, the activities that are considered eligible for ROVI in 2024 in accordance with the Delegated Regulation of 27 June
2023 and its Pollution Prevention Annex are the following:
– Activity 1.1: “Manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) or active substances”.
– Activity 1.2: “Manufacture of medicinal products”.
It should be noted that, once the eligibility of the above mentioned activities had been determined, no differences from the
activities reported in previous years were found. This is due to the fact that there had been no changes in the Group’s business
model.
◦ Approach and assumptions
The approach and assumptions applied to determine the eligibility of the activities listed above are set out below. In this respect,
the starting point should be the fact that ROVI’s main activity is the production and marketing of pharmaceutical products and,
therefore, a large part of its turnover, as well as its CapEx and OpEx, is linked to the Group’s production process itself.
49