LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
d) Determination phase
The objective of the determination phase is to identify and specify which topics are material for the Group. First, the
assessments of the internal and external stakeholder groups were analysed. Subsequent to the analysis, the IROs that had
been assessed were weighted, assigning 60% to the assessment of the Company’s ESG team and 40% to the assessment of
the rest of the internal and external stakeholder groups.
Based on said weighting and an analysis of the consolidated results, a materiality threshold was defined. This was defined in
accordance with the maximum and minimum values obtained for the two types of materiality:
• Impact materiality: a minimum value of 0.6 and a maximum value of 4.7 were obtained. Therefore, the results are
scattered along the scales established,11 resulting in very heterogeneous impacts levels among all the topics.
• Financial materiality: a minimum value of 0.3 and a maximum value of 3.5 were obtained. Therefore, the results are
more concentrated on medium-low values, indicating low risk levels among all the topics.
Due to the difference between the values obtained for impacts and for risks and opportunities, two thresholds were established
in order to determine the topics, sub-topics and sub-sub-topics that were material from the impact perspective, the financial
perspective or both.
• Impact materiality: the threshold selected was the 50th percentile, which was the figure that is at the half-way point of
the distribution. The value of the 50th percentile for the values obtained was 2.6, meaning that the impacts above this
threshold were considered material and those below it were not considered material.
• Financial materiality: the threshold selected was the 30th percentile. The value of the 30th percentile for the scores
obtained was 1.2,meaning that the risks and opportunities above this threshold were considered material and those
below it were not considered material.
The reason for establishing a lower percentile for financial materiality was because the values obtained are lower on a scale of
1 to 5 compared to impact materiality. Therefore, if the 50th percentile had been selected, the risks and opportunities would
have been minimal.
Additionally, mention should be made of the fact that the double materiality process changed considerably in comparison with
the previous process conducted in 2022, due to the publication of the ESRS standards in July 2023.
• The previous assessment did not consider the value chain but only the Group’s own operations.
• The previous materiality only considered possible impacts generated by ROVI’s activity, but did not identify risks and
opportunities associated to sustainability-related matters.
• The assessment methodology did not consider the variables of severity or likelihood for the impacts, but focused on the
general importance of the matters.
In view of the foregoing, the present assessment means that the Group has made a significant effort to strictly comply with the
provisions set out in the ESRS. In this respect, ROVI hopes to review its double materiality assessment in the medium term (1
to 5 years) depending on the advances in the sector and whether there are any significant changes in the business model,
operations or Group perimeter.
Lastly, mention should be made of the fact that ROVI will integrate the process and results of the double materiality
assessment into the Company’s ICNFR system when it has previous reporting years that allow risks and controls to be
detected. This integration will be intended to ensure the quality and reliability of the processes of generating, preparing and
reporting non-financial information.
11 Possibility of obtaining a maximum of [(5*5) = 25] / 5 = 5 and a minimum of [(1*1) = 1] / 5 = 0.2.
33