LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
the Committee’s training and adapts its terminology to the CSRD, using terms like “sustainability reporting” and “non-financial
risks” in a broad sense.
Furthermore, the Company’s senior management is formed by the Management Committee, composed of fourteen key
managers including the Internal Audit Manager, 31% of whom are women. Its primary function is to represent the main areas
of the Group and conduct the ordinary management of the Company.
Lastly, ROVI has an internal Sustainability Committee, which was created to implement and supervise the goals of the first
Environmental, Social and Governance Master Plan 2023-2025 (hereinafter, ESG Master Plan”), which was approved by the
Board of Directors at the end of 2022. This Plan fixed ROVI’s sustainability roadmap to align its goals and actions with the
Company’s strategy and set the guidelines, criteria and principles for applying the Environmental and Social Sustainability
Policy, likewise approved by the Board at the end of 2022. The Committee chair reports annually to the board committees on
fulfilment of the goals of the ESG Master Plan and, likewise annually, submits the same information to the Board of Directors.
The Committee is composed of the heads of the areas with appropriate knowledge of the functions required. The members
appointed are:
• Finance Manager, as the chair.
• Head of ESG, as the secretary.
• Safety and Environment Manager.
• Human Resource Manager.
• Head of Compliance.
• Quality Manager of the non-industrial area (Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A.).
• Internal Audit Manager.
Mention should be made of the fact that, to date, the person responsible for supervising impacts, risks and opportunities has
not been appointed, notwithstanding the supervisory tasks that correspond to the Audit Committee, the Sustainability
Committee and Internal Audit and the fact that this topic may be reviewed within the framework of updating the ESG Master
Plan, which will conclude in 2025.
◦ Disclosure Requirement GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters
addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory
bodies.
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of how administrative, management and
supervisory bodies are informed on sustainability matters and how these matters were addressed during the reporting period.
The Sustainability Committee is responsible for annually informing ROVI’s Board of Directors on the advances in the ESG
Master Plan and any other relevant sustainability-related matter and, therefore, it is aware of the Company’s material impacts,
risks and opportunities. In 2024,the Sustainability Committee reported the results of the double materiality process at the
December board meeting. At that meeting a presentation that encompassed a summary of the double materiality assessment
process, with its corresponding phases and its final results in terms of material topics, sub-topics and sub-sub-topics.
After the ESG Master Plan has been updated in 2025, the Board of Directors will consider the material impacts, risks and
opportunities derived from the results of the double materiality assessment by reviewing and approving said Plan (it should be
noted that the ESG Master Plan is independent of corporate strategy and is intended to address sustainability topics.
In 2024, the Board of Directors did not take the material impacts, risks and opportunities into account when supervising the
Company’s sustainability strategy, since the ESRS approved in said year were first analysed internally and, furthermore, the
ESG Master Plan is in force until 2025. When the ESG Master Plan has been updated, the Board of Directors will use it to
consider the material impacts, risks and opportunities (take account of the fact that the ESG Master Plan is independent of the
corporate strategy intended to address sustainability-related topics).
6