LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Upstream value chain
In the upstream value chain, a distinction may be made between two large groups of value chain workers. First, we have the
workers of Group suppliers and, second, the workers of the pharmaceutical laboratories with which ROVI holds in-licensing
agreements, acquiring finished goods to be marketed.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that 90% of the suppliers with which the Group works are European Union members,
which ensures that they are aligned with a set of minimum principles and rights, also highlighting the fact that, furthermore, a
majority of these suppliers are from Spain. However, the remaining percentage includes suppliers from countries that could be
considered critical due to their geographic location and which could be exposed to material risks related to child labour or forced
or compulsory labour.
Downstream value chain
In the downstream value chain, a distinction can be made between four large groups of value chain workers depending on the
activity or commercial relationship they have with ROVI.
• Workers of the companies that handle the distribution of finished goods.
• Workers of ROVI’s main customers, such as hospitals and wholesalers, who form very broad categories that encompass
a large volume of workers.
• Workers of the pharmaceutical laboratories for which ROVI manufactures medicines through its company ROVI Pharma
Industrial Services.
• Workers of Punto SIGRE and companies responsible for the sanitary waste bins and dumps, as part of the largest
category, which encompasses the end of the useful life or the reuse of part of the Company’s products.
b. Impact, risk and opportunity management
◦ Disclosure Requirement S2-1: Policies related to value chain workers
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the Group’s policies related to value chain
workers.
In 2024, ROVI developed and implemented a Human Rights Policy, which was signed by the company chairman and sets out
principles and rules derived from the Group’s commitment to international regulations on respect for human rights, in order to
prevent its activities and business relations from giving rise or contributing to negative human rights repercussions.
The scope of this policy encompasses ROVI Group workers, as well as the workers of its suppliers, distributors, consultants and
other business partners in the value chain, who must ensure their compliance in all aspects related to human rights. In this
respect, the aspects covered by the policy include the rights of the value chain workers, which are closely linked to the material
impacts and opportunities derived from the double materiality assessment. Likewise, the main rights that the Group undertakes
to guarantee in relations with each one of its stakeholder groups are addressed specifically.
Regarding the value chain, ROVI has developed a supplier evaluation procedure that includes metrics related to compliance
with the principles set out in the aforementioned policy. This procedure is mandatory before any contract is signed. Additionally,
as a mechanism to remediate impacts, ROVI has a confidential Ethics Channel for reporting irregular conduct or conduct that
violates human rights.
Furthermore, ROVI considers its suppliers and customers to be an essential group and is committed to relations based on
solvency, commitment and alignment with the Company’s principles and values. These contractual relationships are based on
financial criteria and ESG requirements,which are reflected in the following corporate policies of ROVI, in addition to the
aforementioned Human Rights Policy:
• Supplier Evaluation and Approval Procedure, approved by the head of the Quality area.
• Environmental and Social Sustainability Policy, approved by the company chairman.
• Code of Ethics for Suppliers, approved by the company chairman.
122