OUTLOOK
For 2024, ROVI expects its operating revenue to decrease by a mid-single-digit
percentage in comparison with 2023. Notwithstanding, there are certain factors that
have been considered when calculating this guidance that, although they could be
relevant to the estimates, are difficult to specify at present, including, among others:
1. First, the saturation of the National Health Systems due to the low vaccination
ratios during the 2023 COVID-19 campaign could favour a more successful
vaccination campaign in 2024. However, as of today’s date, the Company is not in
a position to forecast how demand and production might evolve for the
remainder of the vaccination campaign in 2024.
2. Second, it is hoped that the expansion of the compounding, aseptic filling,
inspection, labelling and packaging capacities at ROVI’s facilities in Madrid and
the current high demand for CDMO services in the market might favour
obtaining new business, with the resulting sales impact. This would have to be
taken into consideration but cannot be estimated at present.
END OF THE SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAMME
On 11 June 2024, ROVI informed on the completion of the Buy-Back Programme
launched on 26 July 2023. Under the framework of this programme, a total of 2,233,466
shares were acquired for an amount of 130.0 million euros, which represents
approximately 4.3% of the share capital.
As notified when the Buy-Back Programme commenced, the purpose of the
programme was to cancel shares of ROVI through a reduction of capital and, at the
same time, to contribute to ROVI’s shareholder remuneration by increasing the profit
per share. The reduction of the capital will be carried out by cancelling 2,780,395 shares.
The latter corresponds to (i) the shares repurchased within the framework of the
aforementioned Buy-Back Programme, and (ii) part of the existing treasury shares,
which total 546,929. The capital reduction was approved at the Ordinary General
Shareholders’ Meeting, held on 24 June 2024. The new amount of the share capital, after
the shares mentioned have been cancelled and excluded from trading, will appear in
the registers of the National Securities Market Commission and Iberclear a few days
after registration of the deed of capital reduction. The Company will provide further
information in due course (see further information on page 27).
5