Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
conducted by ROVI, the manufacturing issue only impacted the lots that were included in the suspension. The following
steps have been taken by ROVI to correct and prevent future defects:
– Full inspection of the manufacturing line;
– Improving standard operating procedure for changeover of manufacturing line; and
– Setting alert inspection limits in the automatic visual inspection, as an internal process control.
Takeda, as the Japan Marketing Authorization Holder, is planning to initiate the recall of the three suspended lots 3004667,
3004734, and 3004956 from the market as of September 2, 2021, in consultation with MHLW and Osaka Prefecture.
Moderna as the Global Marketing Authorization Holder is in full agreement with this decision.
Preliminary Particulate Analysis
According to Moderna’s independent analysis, the particle from lot 3004667 has been thoroughly analyzed and is
confirmed to be grade 316 stainless steel. This is consistent with the root cause determination described above. Grade
316 is a high grade of stainless steel commonly used in manufacturing and in food processing.
Current Medical Safety Assessment
After a health assessment conducted by Moderna and Takeda, the rare presence of stainless steel particles in the Moderna
COVID-19 vaccine does not pose an undue risk to patient safety and it does not adversely affect the benefit/risk profile of
the product.
Metallic particles of this size injected into a muscle may result in a local reaction, but are unlikely to result in other adverse
reactions beyond the local site of the injection. Stainless steel is routinely used in heart valves, joint replacements and
metal sutures and staples. As such, it is not expected that injection of the particles identified in these lots in Japan would
result in increased medical risk.
Investigation of Two Deaths Following Administration of Vaccine
At this time, there is no evidence that the two tragic deaths following administration of the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine
(from lot 3004734) were in any way related to administration of the vaccine. The relationship is currently considered to be
coincidental. It is important to conclude a formal investigation to confirm this. The investigation is being conducted with the
greatest sense of urgency, transparency and integrity and is of the highest priority.
To date, more than 200 million doses of the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine have been administered to more than 110 million
individuals in 45 countries, representing a critical component of the global fight against COVID-19.
For additional updates and resources about the COVID-19 vaccine program in Japan please go to the official COVID-19
information center.
2.3.8 ROVI informs on the evolution of the investigation of particulate matter having been seen in certain drug product vials
of the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine distributed in Japan
ROVI, as an entity participating in the manufacturing process of Moderna’s vaccine against COVID-19, and in relation to
the notification of particulate matter having been seen in certain drug product vials of the vaccine distributed in Japan,
announced (by publication of the relevant information number 11399 dated 29th of August of 2021) that the investigation
on this event continued to be conducted to determine what happened in the drug product fill/finish manufacturing process
of the related batch. As reported publicly by the laboratory owning the vaccine, Moderna, and the company in charge of
distributing the vaccine in Japan, Takeda, unfortunately, the death of two individuals who had received the Moderna COVID-
19 vaccine had been reported. There is no evidence up-to-date that these deaths are caused by the Moderna covid-19
vaccine. In any event, there is a formal investigation underway to determine whether there is any connection. As recently
reported, the detection of this particulate matter in certain drug product vials is an event that is in the process of being
investigated by ROVI in coordination with Moderna, Takeda and the health authorities. ROVI will continue to proactively
assist in the investigation of this matter, waiting for its finalisation and the publishing of the relevant conclusions by Moderna
and Takeda.
10