Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
g. In 2020 and 2019, no item of remuneration existed of any nature other than the above or paid by any group
company, specifically including related-party transactions and any items the omission of which would distort
the true and fair view of the total remuneration received by the director.
2. Individual breakdown of any awards made to directors of shares, share options or any other instrument linked to
share price, stating:
a. The number of shares or options awarded in the year and the conditions applicable for exercising them;
b. The number of options exercised during the year, indicating the number of shares involved and the
exercise price;
c. The number of options pending exercise at the year end, indicating price, date, and other exercise
requirements;
d. Any amendment during the year of the conditions for the exercising of options already awarded.
In the periods 2020 and 2019, no shares, options or other instruments indexed to the share value were given to
directors.
3. Information on the relationship between remuneration received by executive directors and results or other
measurements of the Company’s performance:
2020 2019
Remuneration of executive directors 1,214 1,170
Profit attributed to the parent company 71,137 25,553
Remuneration of executive directors/profit attributed to
the parent company 1.71% 4.58%
The Company holds a liability insurance policy for directors and senior management. A premium of 61 thousand euros
accrued for this policy in 2020 (22 thousand euros in 2019).
b) Conflicts of interests on the part of the directors
In compliance with their duty to avoid situations where conflict with the Company’s interests exists, the directors who held
office on the Board of Directors during the period met the obligations set forth in article 228 of the Revised Text of the
Capital Companies Act. Likewise, both they and the persons related to them refrained from entering into the situations of
conflict of interests provided for in article 229 of said Act.
34. Events after the reporting date
No significant events have taken place since the end of the 2020 reporting period.
35. Other significant information
The global pandemic caused by COVID-19 has had different effects on ROVI.
65