Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
3. Climate change
At ROVI, as a contribution to the fight against climate change, not only is electricity taken into account, but the CO2
emissions caused by the consumption of natural gas and diesel fuel, derived from electricity and automobiles, are
measured, as well as other substances that act to destroy the ozone layer. ROVI’s greenhouse gas emissions have always
been insignificant and very much below the legally-established levels.
In 2020, as mentioned above, ROVI developed a new Climate Change Policy and, additionally, undertook a project to
reduce CO2 emission, Zero Emissions, in the course of development of which the following initiatives were taken:
- Signed a contract for 100% of the electricity used at the industrial plants to come from renewable sources, which
compensates part of the tonnes of scope 2 CO2 emitted.
- Compensation of the rest of the tonnes emitted by VER (Voluntary Emission Reduction) projects. Specifically:
o GHANA COOKSTOVE. The Gyapa Cookstove cooks food faster and needs less fuel. Thus, not only does
it reduce carbon emissions, but it also reduces exposure to toxic fumes. The key benefits are: reduction in
fuel costs, improvement in health, deceleration in deforestation, generation of employment and reduction
in carbon.
o Madre de Dios Amazon REDD Project. Madre de Dios Amazon REDD Project consists of 100,000 hectares
of tropical jungle in the Amazon, only 400 km from the historical Machu Picchu sanctuary, the “Lost City of
the Incas”. The project is located in the region belonging to the Vilacamba-Amoboró Ecological Corridor,
one of the critical points in biodiversity. The jungle where the project is located is very importance in terms
of the conservation of biodiversity, since it provides a habitat to four tropical jungle wildlife species that are
in danger of extinction and eleven that are endangered. From a social point of view, the project will
contribute to the sustainable development of rural producers and indigenous communities (the Yine tribe,
an indigenous people in voluntary isolation, associated to the Mascho Piro tribe, and other tribes not yet
identified) that live in nearby areas.
The total guarantee and unquestionable transparency of the project furnish it with the highest ratings and
certifications granted by the international carbon markets. The project has been certified by FSC (Forest
Stewardship Council), CCB Gold Level (Climate, Community and Biodiversity) and VCS (Verified Carbon
Standard).
Regarding the compensation of scope 1 emissions through VER projects, in the first months of 2021, 1,000
additional VER have been acquired to those already mentioned.
Additionally, when implementing industrial projects, the ROVI Group always takes account of their environmental
component, seeking to cause the least impact possible or employ the best available technique established in the market.
An example of this is the introduction of a thermal oxidiser at the Granada plant. This is considered the best alternative
technique available to ensure compliance with the Volatile Organic Compound (VOC) emission limits. It is the treatment
with the highest percentage reduction in VOC emissions, between 95% and 99%, also reducing the TOC by between 1-4
mg/Nm3. This project has represented a total investment of 1,140,000 euros.
13