LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
• Disclosure of internal policies: the Group’s policies are made public to ensure that all its workforce knows them and that
the framework for action that governs the conduct of all Group professionals is guaranteed. In addition to being available
on the corporate website, they are communicated through the Workday platform and specific training sessions.
• System of evaluation by objectives: the Group has a system of evaluation by objectives addressed at workers in senior
management, management and supervisory positions. At the beginning of the first quarter of the year, the employee and
his or her direct supervisor establish the objectives for the new year jointly and evaluate the attainment of the previous
year’s objectives, thus determining the amount of the associated variable remuneration. Furthermore, the supervisors
provide feedback on performance and achievements.
• Encouraging professional development: ROVI actively promotes people’s development, focusing especially on young
professionals, providing opportunities for them to grow within the organisation.
• Internal promotion: when vacancies arise, the Group prioritises identifying and taking advantage of the capabilities of the
professionals already within the organisation, thus fostering internal promotion and the growth of its employees.
Regarding potential negative impacts, ROVI does not currently have a transition plan that entails significant restructuring
changes derived from decarbonisation and, therefore, no material negative impacts that could affect the workforce are foreseen.
As regards risks related to working conditions, specifically practices such as forced or compulsory labour or child labour, no
significant cases have been detected. This is because ROVI has a Human Rights Policy aligned with European legislation,
where these issues are addressed. Moreover, all its workers are either covered by a collective agreement or, where this is not
the case, by the relevant labour legislation, both in Spain or abroad.
Likewise, ROVI considers that the material risks derived from impacts on its own workforce are unlikely to materialise due to its
firm commitment to collective bargaining, social dialogue and the implementation of policies that ensure competitive
employment conditions, including attractive salaries.
In relation to people in ROVI’s own workforce who could be significantly affected42 by the Company’s activities, a distinction was
made between two main categories:
• Employees, who have a direct employment relationship with the Company and carry on their activities within the
framework established by this contractual relationship.
• Non-employees within the operational structure. First, there are temporary employment company (ETT) workers, whose
services are engaged through an indirect employment relationship with the ETT as the intermediary. Most of these
workers carry out tasks related to filling injectables and manufacturing solid products, which are usually concentrated in
periods with a higher seasonal demand. Additionally, ROVI’s non-employee workers include one self-employed person,
who holds the position of Security Manager and is responsible for coordinating the Company’s surveillance services.
In this context, the wage conditions are equivalent for both employees and non-employees. However, in other work-related
aspects, they are governed by the employment conditions of their company.
Likewise, the Company’s own workforce includes certain groups of workers that, due to their jobs, run a greater risk of injury. In
the case of ROVI, these would be the employees who work with chemical products. However, for all jobs in the Group, an
assessment of risks at work is conducted in order to prepare an action plan in this respect where necessary.
Lastly, some workers are identified as “basic risk group”, which includes women who are pregnant or breast-feeding or have
recently given birth and work in contexts where there is some risk. This group has a specific protocol. Likewise, anybody who, in
accordance with the criteria set out in internal procedures, is considered “especially sensitive personnel” may inform the relevant
department of his or her situation. This will allow a protocol to review their case to commence and, if necessary, limitations or
adaptations to be made to their job.
42 It was determined that all the negative impacts were considered to be general, since they could affect an extensive group of people in ROVI’s own workforce
and are not limited to individual or specific cases.
102