Free translation of the Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management Report 2024
4.2.- Financial risks
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The main detected and managed risks of the Group are detailed
below:
4.2.1.- Market risk
Market risk is divided in:
a) Foreign exchange risk: this risk is low because (i) virtually all the Group’s assets and liabilities are in euros; (ii) a
majority of the transactions with foreign parties are carried out in euros; and (iii) transactions for a significant amount in
currencies other than the euro are hedged with financial instruments that minimise the impact of exchange-rate risk.
b) Price risk: the Group is exposed to price risk for equity securities because of investments held by the Group and
classified as equity securities on the consolidated statement of financial position. To manage its price risk arising from
investments in equity securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. The portfolio is diversified in accordance with the
limits set by the Group. The Group does not use derivatives to hedge price risk.
c) Interest rate risk: the Group is subject to interest rate risk in respect of cash flows on non-current financial debt
transactions at variable rates. Group policy is to try to keep most of its financial debt in the form of debt with
government entities by obtaining reimbursable advances on which there is no interest-rate risk and, in the case of bank
debt, to obtain cash flows not only at variable rates, but also at fixed rates, thus keeping the impact of interest-rate risk
to a minimum.
d) Raw material price risk: the Group is exposed to changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other
packaging materials needed to manufacture its products are supplied. To minimise this risk, the Group maintains a
diversified portfolio of suppliers and manages its stock levels efficiently.
4.2.2.- Credit risk
Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and financial
institutions, receivables classified as equity securities and trade receivables.
To assess the credit risk on receivables, the Group periodically evaluates its customer portfolio considering two blocs:
government and non-government. Government customers are defined as all those that are government entities for which, given
their nature, a low credit risk is considered to exist. Most of these customers are in the healthcare sector and are hospitals and
medical clinics whose transactions are regulated by law. With regard to non-government customers, the Group includes in this
category all private customers, such as wholesalers, manufacturing customers and other pharmaceutical companies, and
assesses them on the basis of the age of their debt, their financial position and their credit rating (if available).
The contracts the Group signs with its customers have an average term of between 3 and 5 years, which allows a considerable
stable flow of revenue to be generated. Likewise, due to the credit quality of the private customer, as well as the Group’s internal
systems and the collection periods established, there was no significant impact on the Group in either 2023 or 2022.
The banks and financial institutions with which the Group works generally have independent ratings. If customers have been
independently rated, such ratings are used. If this is not the case, then the Group assesses the risk on the basis of the
customer’s financial position, historical experience and a series of other factors. In those cases in which there is no doubt as to
the customer’s financial solvency, the Group elects not to set credit limits.
4.2.3.- Liquidity risk
Management periodically monitors the liquidity estimates of the Company in accordance with the expected cash flows. ROVI
maintains sufficient cash and marketable securities to meet its liquidity requirements.
15