Free translation of the 2019 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2019 Management Report
4. Key operating and financial events
4.1 ROVI announces the commencement of the assessment process to obtain marketing authorisation for Doria® in the
European Union
ROVI informed that, after the conclusion of the validation phase, the European health authorities have commenced the
assessment process to grant marketing authorisation for Doria®, a long-acting anti-psychotic injection for the treatment
of schizophrenia, based on the ISM® technology patented by ROVI, in the European Union (EU).
ROVI filed its application for marketing authorisation for Doria® with the European health authorities, the European
Medicines Agency (EMA), through the Centralised Procedure on 27 December, 2019. After passing the validation phase
satisfactorily, the dossier was admitted for evaluation on 30 January, 2020.
It is forecast that the assessment phase of the Centralised Procedure used by the Company to register this medicine in
the EU may take around one year. It should, however, be noted that the assessment process is subject to interruptions
and delays in the event that the European health authorities require additional information. Likewise, mention should be
made of the fact that the outcome of the registration process (which may be positive or negative) cannot be known until it
has concluded.
ROVI will continue to provide information on the milestones deemed significant in this authorisation as the calendar for
registration of the medicine in the European Union advances, as well as the registration of the same medicine with the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which it is planned to commence in the second half of 2020.
4.2 ROVI announces the construction of a second heparin plant in Granada
ROVI informed about the future construction of a new manufacturing plant for the active substance of low-molecular-
weight heparins (“LMWH”), for which it has acquired industrial land in the Metropolitan Industry and Technology Park in
Escúzar (Granada). This investment reflects ROVI’s bet on becoming, through its two flagship products, bemiparin and
the enoxaparin biosimilar, one of the main European players in this market, which is worth approximately 1,400 million
euros1 worldwide.
This operation will require ROVI to make an investment of around 24 million euros over the next three years and will
double the ROVI Group’s LMWH production capacity. The investment is intended to guarantee ROVI’s future production
capacity and respond to the company’s strategic growth in the LMWH field. Once again, ROVI has chosen the province
of Granada and the Autonomous Region of Andalusia to continue with its expansion and development plans over the
forthcoming years. In a first phase until the year 2023, the construction of the new plant will create estimated net
employment of 38 jobs.
As of 30 June 2019, all the EU countries where ROVI had applied for approval of the national registration of its
enoxaparin biosimilar (26 countries) had approved registration and, in addition to the European countries, the company
had signed marketing agreements for the product in a further 83 countries. Likewise, the international presence of
bemiparin now covers 57 countries.
1 Estimates based on Sanofi-Aventis reported 2019 sales.
4