Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Attention should be drawn to the fact that this insurance has been taken out voluntarily since, after making the relevant
analysis of environmental risks, it is not obligatory for the ROVI Group’s plants to hold a financial guarantee. Nevertheless,
ROVI holds environmental liability insurance with a limit of one million euros per claim, which includes environmental
liability, civil liability for pollution, costs of prevention and avoidance, pollution caused by transport, cleaning costs and
subsidiary liability in relation to subcontractors, etc.
3.3. Policies and commitments
One of the key tools to ensure correct management of environmental aspects is the introduction of an environmental
management system based on the criteria established by the international standard ISO 14001:2015. These certifications
recognise the quality of ROVI’s environmental management system and assure its commitment to the environment in terms
that go beyond current national legislation. Therefore, at all ROVI’s production facilities, production management respectful
of the environment is fostered, meaning a constant effort to reduce energy consumption and manage waste more
efficiently.
The ROVI Group has a department formed by nine people that is responsible exclusively for aspects related to
environmental management, as well as those concerning workplace health and safety throughout the Group, and an
Integrated Environmental Management and Occupational Hazard Prevention Policy which governs ROVI’s activities in
respect of environmental issues, most recently updated in January 2021. Additionally, each plant or work centre is allocated
annual budget to cover safety and environment expenses.
Within its project of environmental management and workplace health and safety, ROVI assumes not only compliance with
current legal requirements and the different third-party requirements that it meets voluntarily, but also the concept of
sustainable development. ROVI’s vocation is to be a business project that is sustainable in environmental terms and
committed to the prevention of any damage to or deterioration in people’s health.
In relation to environmental queries, ROVI has a corporate communication, participation and query procedure, though
which communications (queries, complaints, etc.) related to the environment and workplace health and safety are
managed. On the corporate website (www.rovi.es), the environmental certificates held by group companies are available
to the public.
As mentioned previously, ROVI has a Corporate Procedure for Risk and Opportunity Management, which defines the work
method that allows environmental risks and opportunities to be detected, together with the action plan to address them.
Additionally, ROVI has a Procedure for Identification and Assessment of Environmental Aspects, which sets out how
environmental risks should be identified, communicated and quantified, with, likewise, a Procedure for Identification and
Assessment of Legal Aspects.
ROVI also has a Procedure for Management of Non-Conformity, Preventive and Corrective Actions, which sets out the
mechanisms for the identification of deviations (in quality or work procedures), the implementation of actions to correct
these deviations and the procedures to prevent them (preventive actions).
Among its operating procedures, ROVI has specific waste, noise and discharge management procedures, which are
intended to establish the methodology to follow to control waste, noise in the external environment and liquid discharges
generated at ROVI’s production plants, respectively.
In 2020, ROVI decided to make a contribution to environmental initiatives, adopting a leadership position against global
warning and developing and new Climate Change Policy.
11