Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
On occasions, before providing a manufacturing service, ROVI carries out, in accordance with determined milestones
that have been defined, work to adapt, fit out and validate its facilities and machinery –either its own or acquired or
subcontracted from third parties–, without which it would not be possible to provide the service under the conditions
required by the customers. If the final cost of this work is paid by the customer, ROVI recognises the revenue related to
the service provided on the basis of the percentage of completion of the work to be performed, according to the
milestones defined. In the event that the percentage of completion includes the acquisition of certain assets, the margin
is not recognized until they are finally installed.
ROVI has entered into a commitment with certain customers to reserve production capacity at its plants in exchange for
a economic consideration. In these cases, revenue accrual is linked to attainment of a single milestone, fixed by contract,
which may consist of either being ready to produce, or reaching the end of the period agreed without the customer
having requested the production reserved. Additionally, in cases where the production takes place, said reserve capacity
would act as a minimum payment for the production service.
c) Interest income
Interest income is recognised in accordance with the effective interest method.
d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
e) Other revenue: granting of exclusive distribution licences
Occasionally the Group grants licenses to other pharmaceutical companies to sell its products on an exclusive basis in a
specific territory and also promises to manufacture the pharmaceutical product for the customer. For these agreements,
the Group collects a single down-payment for the transfer of the license, which is either non-refundable or may be
refundable under very strict terms if the product is finally not authorised for distribution in a specific territory. In these
contracts signed with third parties whereby Rovi grants the distribution licenses, the obligations arising from the granting
of these licenses are always linked to the obligation to supply and manufacture the product, which no other entity can
manufacture. As the customer cannot benefit from the licence without the manufacturing service, the licence and the
manufacturing service cannot be separated and, therefore, the Group recognises the licence and the manufacturing
service as a single performance obligation.
Additionally, in these types of contracts the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to
date, as the entity would be entitled to an amount that at least compensates the Group for its performance completed to
date in the event that the customer or another party were to terminate the contract for reasons other than the entity's
failure to perform as promised. Consequently, the Group recognises revenue over time and defers revenues from the
granting of product distribution licenses over the number of units produced.
2.22 Leases
When a Group company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to
profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
25