Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
(e) Other revenue: granting of exclusive distribution licences
The revenue received from the granting of exclusive distribution licences for Group products to other companies is
recognized on an accrual basis in accordance with the substance of the pertinent contracts.
To date the Group has granted several exclusive licences to third parties to sell the Group’s products in specific
territories. Under these agreements, the Group has received a single amount for transfer of licence, with no refund
obligation or the possibility of refund under very restrictive terms, when the product has been authorized for distribution in
a given territory.
In addition, the Group undertakes, for the term of the contract, to sell the products under contract to the distributor at the
prices agreed in the contract. The amount received on the transfer of the licence is recorded as “revenues” on a straight-
line basis over the term of the contract. The non-accrued portion is recorded as a non-current liability if it is recognized in
revenues for a period longer than a year.
2.21. Leases
When a Group company is the lessee – Operating lease
Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to
profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.
2.22. Dividend distribution
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Group’s Consolidated Annual
Accounts in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.
2.23. Health Tax
As the result of the 2005 General State Budget Act (Law 2/2004 of 27 December), Additional Provision 48, a health tax,
levied by the Ministry of Health, came into force on 1 January, 2005. This tax applies to individuals and legal entities in
Spain engaging in the manufacture and importation of medicines that are officially prescribed in Spanish territory on
official National Health Service prescriptions. The amounts payable to the Ministry of Health and Consumer Affairs are
calculated on a scale fixed by the aforementioned Additional Provision 48, subsequently amended by Additional
Provision 6 of Law 29/2006 of 29 July, on Guarantees and Rational Use of Drugs and Healthcare Products. The Group
records the accrued health tax as a sales discount when the sale is made. There is a provision for the estimated amount
accrued but unpaid and the possible adjustment of the tax to the actual sales for the period.
During 2010, the Spanish government approved a reduction of the pharmaceutical expenditure of 2,800 million euros
through the introduction of two packages of pricing legislation. The first one was approved in March 2010 and was
focused on generic products. With regard to these products, which are those out of patent, the reduction was 25% on
average applied to the selling price to laboratories. The second package, which was approved in May 2010 and applied
from June 2010, was addressed to pharmaceutical products under patent. A discount of 7.5% is applied to the selling
price to the public for these products. The Group has recognized the amounts relating to these measures as a decrease
in sales.
22