Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
2.20 Revenue recognition
Ordinary revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services
in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Ordinary revenue is shown, net of value-added tax, returns, rebates and
discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.
The Group recognizes revenue when the amount thereof can be measured reliably, it is probable that future economic
benefits will flow to the Group and the specific requirements for each one of the Group’s activities are fulfilled, as
described below.
(a) Sales of goods
The Group manufactures and sells pharmaceutical products for which it holds a manufacturing and sales licence in the
wholesale market and also to retailers. It likewise acquires and sells pharmaceutical products from other entities.
Sales of goods are recognized when a Group entity has delivered products to the customer and there is no unfulfilled
obligation which could affect the acceptance of the products by the customer. The sale does not take place until the
products and the obsolescence and loss risks have been transferred to the customer and the customer has accepted the
products in accordance with the sale contract, the acceptance period has finished, or there is objective evidence for the
Group that the necessary criteria have been met for customer acceptance.
The products are sold with volume discounts and customers are entitled to return damaged products. Sales are
recognized at the price fixed in the sale contract, net of volume discounts and returns estimated at the date of sale.
Volume discounts are measured based on forecast annual purchases. Returns are not significant and they are estimated
based on the Group’s historical experience. Sales are carried out with short-term collection periods. The Group’s practice
is generally to claim late-payment interest, calculated based on the actual collection period, from government entities
from which receivables are not collected in the short term.
(b) Sales of services
The Group has service contracts consisting of the completion of the production process of pharmaceutical products of
other entities. The raw materials and products used are received without costs from the entities receiving the services.
The revenues are recognized on the date on which the services are provided, which is the same date as the products are
consigned to the aforementioned entities.
(c) Interest income
Interest income is recognized in accordance with the effective interest method.
(d) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established.
21