Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
Additionally, ROVI is one of the market leaders in the marketing of contrast agents, hospital products for
imaging diagnosis. This area comprises a broad product portfolio, including those marketed under licence
from Bracco: Iomeron® and Iopamiro® (for computed tomography and intervention), Multihance® and
Prohance® (for magnetic resonance imaging), Sonovue® (for ultrasounds), and Bracco Injeenering:
EmpowerCTA+®, EmpowerMR® and CT Exprès (contrast injection systems and compatible disposable
material).
o Contract manufacturing of prefilled syringes and oral forms. Rovi has successfully positioned itself
strategically to take advantage of the growing trend among pharmaceutical companies to outsource their
manufacturing processes. Thus, the Company uses the high manufacturing capacity available at its facilities
by providing full development, transfer and manufacturing services for injectables and oral solid forms.
Through three production plants, used for injectables (one in Madrid and one in San Sebastián de Los
Reyes) and for oral forms (in Alcalá de Henares), ROVI provides manufacturing services to other companies
for a wide range of pharmaceutical forms, including prefilled syringes, vials, suppositories, tablets, hard
capsules and sachets. Additionally, ROVI offers a broad range of services for the performance of clinical
trials, preparation and filling, labelling, packaging and logistics.
o A sound, low-risk R&D policy. The Company allocates a large part of its resources to research, in order to
remain in the vanguard in both the product area and the manufacturing and development systems area.
ROVI operates with a low-risk strategy, concentrating on chronic diseases with broad medical needs and
establishing strategic international alliances to tackle the most arduous clinical trials. Currently, ROVI has a
portfolio of numerous products in the research and development phase, focused primarily on three areas:
1. Sophisticated drug-release technologies (ISM® technology), in order to obtain new pharmaceutical
products that allow drugs that require daily administration for chronic or prolonged conditions to be
administered only periodically. The first two product developments with this technology are
Risperidone ISM® (registered under the trade mark Doria®), which commenced its evaluation
process to obtain marketing authorisation in the European Union in January 2020, and Letrozol
ISM®.
2. The Glycomics field, where ROVI has recently developed an enoxaparin biosimilar (enoxaparin is
currently the world leader in low-molecular-weight heparins), which was first marketed in 2017.
3. Multi-layer technologies for urethral catheters. The pre-clinical development of multi-layer technology
is continuing. It provides significant advantages over the state of the art against the high prevalence
of bacteria in stents and urethral catheters, which may lead to the appearance of clinical symptoms
and complications, including serious sepsis and death.
ROVI has a series of competitive edges that have positioned it as one of the main leaders in its market niche in a sector
which, moreover, has high entry barriers:
o Unique knowledge of LMWH (low-molecular-weight heparins): As a result of ROVI’s 70 years’ experience,
its main product, Bemiparin, has positioned itself as one of the principal treatments for venous
thromboembolic disease worldwide.
o Infrastructure with operating advantages: ROVI is one of the main companies in the contract
manufacturing business in the sector and among the world leaders in prefilled syringe production.
3