Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
1. Pollution and waste management
Waste generation is inherent to ROVI’s activity. Precisely for this reason, the treatment and reduction of waste form an
essential part of the Company’s commitment to prevent pollution. The processes related to waste treatment are intended
mainly to minimise it in the production processes and, once it has been produced, to manage it correctly to foment using
and valuing it whenever possible.
2. Sustainable use of resources
Regarding energy, at all ROVI’s product plants, water, electricity and gas indicators are verified and reported on a
monthly basis, analysing any possible deviations. Likewise, in the Distribution business has contracted a provider of
100% renewable energy.
3. Climate change
At ROVI, as a contribution to the fight against climate change, not only is electricity taken into account, but the CO2
emissions caused by the consumption of natural gas and diesel fuel, derived from electricity and automobiles, are
measured, as well as other substances that act to destroy the ozone layer. ROVI’s greenhouse gas emissions have
always been insignificant and very much below the legally-established levels.
In July 2019, ROVI completed the renewal of its vehicle fleet for the sales network and its corporate fleet. The change in
model had a favourable effect on rationalisation of the Company’s average fuel consumption, which dropped by 7% in
the period July to December 2019 in comparison with the same period of the preceding year.
3.5.- Indicators
The following are the main environmental indicators. The data have been divided between different companies or
businesses to enable comparisons between them, since the units produced are measured in different units for each
company / business. Specifically
- Own products manufacturing plant of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. located in Granada: this is the
plant in which Bemiparin and Enoxaparin are produced, the active substances of ROVI's main research
products. In this case, the units produced are measured in MUI, i.e. the activity of the active substance
produced.
- Injectables production plant of Rovi Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U. (Plants located in San Sebastián de
los Reyes and Madrid): in this case, the units produced are expressed in individual packaged units. For the
production of forms in Alcalá de Henares, the conditioned packs of oral solid forms (tablets, coated tablets,
hard capsules and sachets) are used as the production unit.
- Distribution business of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI, S.A. and subsidiaries: in this case, the units
distributed are used.
10