LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Lastly, the Sustainability Committee is responsible for addressing mainly topics concerning ESG-related material impacts,
risks and opportunities at its quarterly meetings. In 2024, the list of IROs that were considered material as a result of the
double materiality process conducted by ROVI were addressed. Further details of this list are given under the different topical
standards. Additionally, the Audit Committee also considers the sustainability risks included on the corporate risk map, which
was updated in 2024 with the negative impacts and risks derived from the double materiality assessment.
◦ Disclosure Requirement GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in
incentive schemes
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to inform on the inclusion of sustainability-related criteria in the incentive
schemes for administrative, management and supervisory bodies.
ROVI’s Director Remuneration Policy, which establishes the remuneration criteria for board members, duly reviews the most
updated, habitual and valued criteria of the pharmaceutical industry.
Special mention should be made of the fact that the variable remuneration of the executive directors includes social,
environmental and corporate governance-related sustainability indicators, such as compliance with the Company’s codes of
conduct and internal procedures. These criteria represent 10% of the variable remuneration, The following three goals are
among them, each of which is assigned to an executive director:
• Implementation of an Internal Control over Non-Financial Reporting (ICNFR) system.
• Offsetting 100% of Scopes 1 and 2 emissions and 20% of Scope 3.
• Compliance with the Code of Good Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry.
Lastly mention should be made of the fact that ROVI’s Director Remuneration Policy, in accordance with article 529
novodecies of the Corporate Enterprises Act, was approved at the Company’s General Shareholders’ Meeting on 14 June,
2022 and applied to the years 2022, 2023 and 2024. On 25 June 2024, the General Shareholders’ Meeting approved the
Remuneration Policy that will be applicable for 2025, 2026 and 2027.
◦ Disclosure Requirement GOV-4: Statement on due diligence
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to facilitate an understanding of the Group’s due diligence process with regard
to sustainability matters.
Due diligence, as described in ESRS 1, Chapter 4, is an ongoing process that allows companies, in this case, ROVI, to
prevent, mitigate and account for the actual and potential negative impacts related to the environment and the people in the
value chain.
This process, derived from the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the OECD Guidelines for
Multinational Enterprises, provides the basis for the Group to assess its sustainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities.
Although the ESRS does not mandate any specific behavioural requirements, it does require cross-cutting and topical
disclosures that explain how the due diligence steps are integrated in governance, strategy and business model, cooperation
with stakeholders, assessment of impacts, the adoption of measures to mitigate them and monitoring the efficacy of these
measures, as per the requirements established in ESRS 2 and the rest of the topical standards.
In this respect, to comply with the due diligence process, ROVI took the preparation of its double materiality assessment as a
starting point (see section 1.4. Impact, risk and opportunity management) to determine which impacts, risks and opportunities
are material for the Company.
7