LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Key Due Diligence Elements Sections of Report
ESRS 2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies.
a) Integration of due diligence in governance, ESRS 2 GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive
strategy and business model. schemes.
ESRS 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model.
ESRS 2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies.
ESRS 2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders.
b) Engagement with stakeholders affected in
all key stages of due diligence. ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts,
risks and opportunities.
ESRS 2 MDR-P: Policies adopted to address material sustainability Topical ESRS:
Reflecting the different stages and purposes of stakeholder engagement throughout
the due diligence process.
ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts,
c) Identification and assessment of adverse risks and opportunities.
impacts. ESRS 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model.
ESRS 2 MDR-A:Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability matters.
d) Adoption of measure to address said
adverse impacts. Topical ESRS: Reflecting the range of actions, including transition plans, through
which material impacts are addressed.
ESRS 2 MDR-M: Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters.
e) Monitoring efficacy of efforts and
MDR-T: Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets.
communication.
Topical ESRS: In relation to metrics and targets.
◦ Disclosure Requirement GOV-5: Risk management and internal controls over
sustainability reporting
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the main characteristics of the risk management and internal
control system in relation to the sustainability reporting process.
In 2023, ROVI implemented an Internal Control over Non-Financial Reporting (ICNFR) system, where the whole organisation
was involved. This system allowed the Company:
• To structure and formalise controls over non-financial reporting to detect any possible irregularities and allow them to
be corrected.
• To provide the Board of Directors with reasonable certainty when performing its annual function of issuing the Report.
• To ensure the transparency and reliability of the processes of generating, preparing and reporting said information.
• Comply with all applicable regulations.
The design and implementation of the ICNFR system was performed as an extension of the Internal Control over Financial
Reporting (ICFR) system, which is also in place in the Group, following the COSO2013 methodological framework, in order to
ensure that the information is reported accurately and in accordance with international standards.
Regarding the risks noted, the following main risks were identified:
• Failures in data compilation or calculation.
• Incorrect data consolidation
• Failures in automatic reading system.
8