ANNUAL CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OF LISTED COMPANIES
liabilities and other off-balance sheet risks.
• Establish a risk control and management model based on different levels.
• Identify the level of risk that the Company considers acceptable.
• Identify the measures in place to mitigate the impact of the risks identified should they materialise.
• Identify the reporting and internal control systems that will be used to control and manage the aforementioned risks, including contingent
liabilities and other off-balance sheet risks.
The Audit Committee performs these functions through management, which identifies, classifies, evaluates and monitors the risks, taking
account of the acceptable risk level categories fixed by the Audit Committee, and applies the measures that are in place to mitigate the
impact thereof should they materialise.
The Internal Audit Department assumes the function of implementing a Risk Control and Management System, helping to improve it once
it has been implemented, monitoring its operation and coordinating its development. Likewise, it reports to the Audit Committee at each of
its meetings on the proper functioning of the System and/or, when appropriate, any risks that have materialised.
In relation to tax compliance risks, the Financial Department is directly responsible for controlling the effective implementation of the basic
aspects of the Tax Strategy determined by the Board of Directors and establishing and applying measures to ensure that the tax
compliance risk is assessed appropriately in the Company’s decision-making process. Given the complexity of tax issues and the continual
changes in the tax legislation, the Company and its group always enjoy the collaboration of external advisors who are experts on the
subject, with the possibility of forming multidisciplinary teams if a specific transaction so requires, in order to ensure that their taxes are
filed properly and appropriate decisions are made on tax issues.
E.3. State the primary risks, including tax compliance risks, and those deriving from corruption (with the scope of
these risks as set out in Royal Decree Law 18/2017), to the extent that these are significant, which may
affect the achievement of business objectives.
The primary risk factors to which the Group considers itself to be exposed in relation to achieving its business goals are the following:
- Changes in the conditions under which raw materials and other packaging materials needed for manufacturing its products are supplied.
- Failure to complete successfully or in the expected manner the Research and Development projects that ROVI is executing.
- Changes in the prescription criteria or changes in the legislation regulating the market aimed to contain pharmaceutical spending (price control,
reference prices, support for generic products, co-payment, purchase platforms).
- Concentration of business in certain geographical areas.
- Actions on the part of the competition that have an adverse impact on ROVI’s sales.
- Risk of cyberattacks.
- Tax risk inherent to the activity of companies of the size and complexity of the Group.
E.4. State whether the entity has a risk tolerance level, including tolerance for tax compliance risk.
As part of the risk management process, the Audit Committee has established, for each one of the key risks identified, both the appetite for
risk (the level of risk that ROVI is ready to accept to attain its strategic goals) and the tolerance (degree of change in appetite it will accept
to attain its goals).
ROVI’s risk tolerance level is low, which means that ROVI is not willing to tolerate risk in order to attain its goals and objectives and would only be willing to do so
if the probabilities were remote or the impact, in the event of the risk materialising, were minor. Tolerance is updated periodically and whenever there is any
change in the Group’s strategy.
ROVI evaluates the level of identified corporate risks on a regular basis using the risk assessment scales for the variables of probability of
occurrence and consequences approved annually by the Audit Committee in the process of updating the Company’s risk map.
The Group then assesses whether the existing risk level exceeds the risk level it is willing to accept to attain the strategic goals, defining
response plans as deemed necessary.
E.5. State which risks, including tax compliance risks, have materialised during the year:
The main risks that materialised during the year were as follows:
(i) Changes in the general economic situation due to the global pandemic caused by COVID-19.
The public health crisis caused by COVID-19 had a negative impact on the global economy in 2020. Despite this, its impact on ROVI was
limited to: (i) reduced sales of certain products, mainly contrast agents and other hospital products used for diagnostic tests, which
37 / 65