Free translation of the Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with “Plan General de
Contabilidad” approved by Royal Decree 1514/2007 of 16th November. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the period 2021
(Thousands of euros)
Contribution to public health system
As stated in Note 3.18, in Spain, in accordance with Law 29/2006, all companies that sell prescription pharmaceuticals or
other healthcare products paid with public funds must make payments of between 1.5% and 2.0% of their sales (depending
on the volume) into the National Health System every four months. This is a levy aimed to adjust the margin on a regulated
activity through the price intervention established by the Law. The Company recognises the contribution to the public health
system as a reduction in revenue when the sale is made. The sums accrued but not yet paid are recognised under the
“Other provisions” caption.
Additionally, within the contribution to the public health system, 3,214 thousand euros were related to the co-operation
agreement signed between Farmaindustria, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry association, and the Spanish government
(10,424 thousand euros at 31 December, 2020). ROVI, as a member of Farmaindustria, is subject to this agreement.
A 10% increase or decrease in the public spending growth under consideration would mean an increase of 611 thousand
euros or a decrease of 106 thousand euros, respectively, in the amounts recognized.
In 2020, the pharmaceutical industry showed a clear will to extend the Agreement and, therefore, ROVI made provision for
the estimated amounts for said year. The pharmaceutical industry proposed a mechanism to compensate the government
for the increase in pharmaceutical spending, which was not finally applied because of the global pandemic caused by
COVID-19, where the government’s priorities were to solve the situation and those of the industry were to make an active
contribution in its role as a priority industry to combat COVID-19. Therefore, according to current information, no payment
will finally be required from the signatories of the Agreement.
Although these sums should not be considered as returns or reimbursements to customers, they are recognised as a
reduction in revenue because the purpose of the law is to regulate the prices and margins obtained on these products.
The amounts of the provisions recognised in the statement of financial position are the reporting-date best estimate of the
payments necessary to meet the present obligation, after consideration of the risks and uncertainties related to the
provision and, when significant, the financial effect produced by the rebate, provided that the payments that will be made
in each period can be reliably determined. The rebate rate is determined before tax, considering the time value of money
and the specific risks that were not taken into account in the future flows related to the provision at each reporting date.
One-off obligations are measured in accordance with the most likely individual outcome. If the obligation involves a
significant group of similar items, it will be measured by weighting the possible outcomes by the likelihood that they will
occur. If there is a continuous range of possible outcomes and each point of the range has the same likelihood as the rest
of the points, the obligation is measured at the average amount.
21. Deferred income tax
Details of deferred income tax are as follows:
Thousand euros
2021 2020
Deferred income tax assets
- Temporary differences 2,342 1,293
- Other tax carryforwards — 3,619
2,342 4,912
Deferred tax liabilities
- Temporary differences (4,278) (4,700)
(4,278) (4,700)
Net deferred income tax (1,936) 212
45