LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
rest of the sector entities, complies with the obligation to include the trade mark on the packaging of the medicines it
manufactures in Braille, as required by the Spanish Agency of Medicines and Medical Devices (AEMPS).
In relation to the way in which ROVI decided which information it should disclose on material IROs, the ESG area determined
a materiality threshold. This threshold may be consulted under Disclosure Requirement IRO-1.
Thus, on the basis of the threshold defined, the material topics and associated IROs were determined, engaging the internal
stakeholder groups to ensure they were consistent. As a result of the aforementioned process, the table of the Disclosure
Requirements met in this Report is set out below:
Section in which
Disclosure Requirement Pages
reported
General information - ESRS 2
a) Basis for
BP-1: General basis for preparation of the Report 1
1. Bases for preparation
the general
information a) Basis for
BP-2: Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances 2
preparation
SRS 2 GOV-3: integration of sustainability-related performance in
b) Governance 4
incentive schemes
GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by
b) Governance 6
the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies
2. Governance GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive b) Governance 7
schemes
GOV-4: Statement on due diligence b) Governance 7
GOV-5: Risk management and internal controls over sustainability
b) Governance 8
reporting
SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain c) Strategy 9
3. Strategy SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders c) Strategy 15
SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction
c) Strategy 21
with strategy and business model
d) Management
IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material
of impacts, risks 28
impacts, risks and opportunities
and opportunities
d) Management
IRO-2: Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s
4. Management of Report of impacts, risks 34
impacts, risks and and opportunities
opportunities d) Management
MDR-P: Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters of impacts, risks 45
and opportunities
d) Management
MDR-A: Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability
of impacts, risks 45
matters
and opportunities
e) Metrics and
MDR-M: Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters 46
targets
5. Metrics and targets
e) Metrics and
MDR-T: Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets 46
targets
Environmental information- E1, E2, E3, E5
European Union Taxonomy
European Union
Background - 47
Taxonomy
European Union
Eligibility assessment - 49
Taxonomy
European Union
Alignment assessment - 52
Taxonomy
Calculation of key European Union
- 53
indicators Taxonomy
European Union
Results - 56
Taxonomy
36