LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Value chain Sub- Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Description IRO
level (sub-)topic Opportunity Potential horizon
Own Work-life The work-life balance drives the best employment Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations balance practices. impact
Own Social Smooth communication with employees through various Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations dialogue communication channels and works councils. impact
Ensuring that stability materialises in Group employment:
Own Secure Positive
mostly permanent employment, low turnover and not Actual < 1 year
operations employment impact
affected by seasonality.
Freedom of
association,
the existence
of works
councils and
Own the Meetings with works councils to defend workers’ rights and Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations information, internal communication. impact
consultation
and
participation
rights of
workers
Collective
bargaining,
including rate
Own Commitment to collective bargaining to always seek the Positive
of workers Actual < 1 year
operations best solution for both parties. impact
covered by
collective
agreements
Collective
bargaining,
including rate
Own Restricting freedom of collective bargaining between the Negative
of workers Potential < 1 year
operations employees and works councils. impact
covered by
collective
agreements
Collective
bargaining,
including rate All ROVI employees in Spain are subject to the Collective
Own Positive
of workers Agreement of the Chemical Industry and, in the European Actual < 1 year
operations impact
covered by subsidiaries, to the collective agreements of each location.
collective
agreements
Own Adequate Commitment to the well-being of its workers and measures Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations wages to ensure adequate wages. impact
The Remuneration Committee, which supervises the
Own Adequate Positive
remuneration of executives and promotes fair and Actual < 1 year
operations wages impact
transparent remuneration.
Own Adequate Director Remuneration Policy that ensures adequate, Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations wages transparent and fair wages. impact
Own Adequate Wage rise for all employees under the collective agreement Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations wages (average wage rise of 4.6%). impact
Own Health and Occupational Risk Prevention Policy and ISO 45001:2015 Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations safety certification for employee health and safety. impact
Own Employee accidents due to failure of health and safety Negative
Health Potential < 1 year
operations control mechanisms. impact
Own Principles of equality, objectivity and impartiality in Positive
Diversity Actual < 1 year
operations attracting and retaining talent. impact
Employment
and inclusion
Own Measures to integrate persons with disabilities in the Positive
of persons Actual < 1 year
operations workplace, generating synergies among employees. impact
with
disabilities
100