Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation.
The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
2.21 Revenue recognition
Ordinary revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of goods and services
in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Ordinary revenue is shown, net of value-added tax, returns, rebates and
discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group.
The Group recognises revenue when the amount thereof can be measured reliably, it is probable that future economic
benefits will flow to the Group and the specific requirements for each one of the Group’s activities are fulfilled, as
described below.
a) Sales of goods
The Group’s “Sales of goods” are derived from the sale of pharmaceutical products, contrast agents and other hospital
products and other non-prescription pharmaceutical products, where control transfers to the customers and the
performance obligations are satisfied when the goods are made available to other pharmaceutical companies or at the
time of the delivery to the remaining customers. Invoices are usually due in a maximum period of 90 days.
IFRS 15 states that an entity that grants the right to return the product should recognise the revenue for the transferred
products at the amount of consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled, a refund liability, and an asset for its
right to recover products. ROVI recognises its revenues net of estimated returns at the date of sale, together with the
refund liability. The Group does not recognise an asset for its right to recover products because, based on experience
and the type of product sold, the goods returned can no longer be sold or form part of the Group's inventories.
The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated considering the average returns
rates of recent years.
Discounts granted to government customers are recorded as a deduction from revenue at the time the related revenues
are recorded. Where appropriate, a liability is calculated on the basis of historical experience which requires the use of
judgement by the management.
Therefore, ROVI’s revenue from contracts with customers is subject to variable consideration for rebates, refunds and
returns. This variable consideration is only recognised if it is highly probable that there will be no significant reversal in
the amount of the cumulative revenue recognised will occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable
consideration subsequently disappears.
b) Sales of services
The main services provided by the Group consist of manufacturing and packaging services for third parties (toll
manufacturing). In these services, control is deemed to be transferred to the customer and the service obligations are
deemed to have been completed when the manufactured goods are made available to the customer. Invoices are usually
payable between 30 and 120 days.
24