Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
5.3. Results of application of the policies
- Human rights due diligence procedures, prevention of the risk of violation of human rights and, where applicable,
measures to mitigate, manage and provide reparation for any abuses committed.
The ROVI Group applies the Collective Agreement of the Chemical Industry in all its business in Spain, likewise complying
with the labour legislation in force at any given moment in all the territories where it operates. Additionally, it has the
following procedures and measures in place:
• The ROVI Group has an Ethics Channel through which all employees must communicate any situation that may
represent a breach of (i) current legislation; (ii) the standards and codes to which the ROVI Group has adhered
voluntarily, (iii) the Group’s internal policies, (iv) the Crime Prevention Model, or (v) accounting and financial
standards. Said Ethics Channel has Regulations that were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 November,
2017 and is managed by a Management Committee. Likewise, the Compliance Department reports periodically to
the Compliance Committee, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors on the communications received
through the Ethics Channel.
• The ROVI Group Ethics Channel is also open to suppliers. This is so much the case that (i) the Code of Ethics for
Suppliers establishes the obligation for the suppliers to notify the same breaches and (ii) obliges our suppliers to
inform their employees and subcontractors of the existence of this Channel. Likewise, in ROVI’s general contracting
conditions, the same obligations are passed on to our suppliers.
• The Group has a Protocol on Moral and Sexual Harassment.
• The workers have legal representatives at the Julián Camarillo, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcalá de Henares
work centres.
• Likewise, the ROVI Group has commenced a project intended to provide a due diligence procedure for suppliers.
This procedure will be executed by an external service provider and will furnish information on the following aspects:
(i) environmental performance, (ii) social performance and (iii) ethics performance, all aspects related to respect for
workers’ rights and human rights being included within the assessment.
- Number of reports of human rights violations:
It may be deduced from the solutions given to the complaints lodged through the Ethics Channel in 2020, all of which have
now been resolved, that none of the cases entailed a human rights violation.
- Description of the measures implemented for promotion of and compliance with the rules of the fundamental
conventions of the International Labour Organisation related to respect for freedom of association and the right to
collective bargaining; the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation; the abolition of forced
or compulsory labour; the effective abolition of child labour:
Please see the contents of the first point of this section “Human rights due diligence procedures, prevention of the risk of
violation of human rights and, where applicable, measures to mitigate, manage and provide reparation for any abuses
committed”.
36