Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with International Reporting
Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December 2024
(Thousand euros)
In this respect, for each performance obligation identified, the Group determines whether it will satisfy the obligation over time or
at a point in time.
a) Sales of goods
The Group’s “Sales of goods” are derived from the sale of pharmaceutical products, contrast agents and other hospital products,
and other non-prescription pharmaceutical products, where control transfers to the customers and the performance obligations
are satisfied when the goods are made available to other pharmaceutical companies or, for the remaining customers, at the time
of delivery. Invoices are usually due in a maximum period of 60 days.
IFRS 15 states that that an entity that grants the right to return the product should recognise revenue for the amount of the
consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer, as
well as a refund liability and an asset for the right to recover the goods. ROVI recognises revenue net of the estimated returns at
the date of sale, while also recognising a refund liability. The Group does not recognise an asset for the right to recover the
goods because, in the light of its experience and the type of product sold, returned items can no longer form part of the Group’s
inventories.
The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated considering the average returns rates
of recent years.
Discounts granted to government customers are recorded as a deduction from revenue at the time the related revenues are
recorded. Where appropriate, a liability is calculated on the basis of historical experience, which requires the use of judgement
by the management.
Therefore, ROVI’s revenue from sales of products is subject to variable consideration for rebates, refunds and returns. This
variable consideration is only recognised if it is highly probable that there will be no significant reversal in the amount of the
cumulative revenue recognised when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration subsequently disappears.
b) Sales of services
The main services provided by the Group consist of manufacturing and packaging services for third parties (contract
manufacturing). In this service, control is deemed to be transferred to the customer and the performance obligations are
deemed to have been completed when the manufactured and packaged goods are made available to the customer. Invoices are
usually payable between 30 and 120 days.
Occasionally, before providing the manufacturing service, ROVI, in accordance with certain defined milestones, carries out work
to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities and machinery –which may be either its own or acquired or subcontracted from third
parties– without which it would not be possible to provide the service under the conditions required by the customers. Therefore,
if the final cost of this work is paid by the customer, ROVI recognises the revenue from each one of the services provided on the
basis of the percentage of completion of the work performed, in accordance with the milestones defined for each one of them. If
the percentage of completion includes a determined acquisition of assets, the margin is not recognised until they are finally
installed.
ROVI has entered into commitments with certain customers to reserve production capacities at its plants in exchange for a
financial consideration. The reservation of capacity is defined as a contract whereby ROVI receives advance payments from
customers with whom a performance obligation exists, consisting of being ready to produce, over a period of time, certain
production volumes. This production is reserved and is not carried out if the customer does not request it.
The capacity reservations are settled annually and therefore, do not entail any estimates.
The Group recognises the amounts collected as a liability, which is derecognised and recognised as revenue when the
performance obligation is met in the following scenarios:
– If the customer has requested the whole of the reserved production, the Group will not recognise any revenue for the
reservation of capacity and will refund the amounts received for this item.
– If the customer requests part of the reserved production, the amounts that must be refunded to the customer and
those that the Group can recognise as revenue for the reservation of capacity will be evaluated in accordance with
certain ranges defined in the contract.
– If the customer does not request any of the reserved production, the Group will recognise revenue for all the amounts
received in relation to the reservation of capacity, since there will be no obligation to refund these payments.
19