2
(Translation from the original in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails.)
Capitalisation and recoverability of intangible assets
See notes 2.b.2), 3.1, 5 and 22g) to the annual accounts
Key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Company has significant intangible
Our audit procedures included the following:
assets amounting to Euros 37,487 thousand,
including Euros 29,100 thousand derived Assessment of the design and implementation
from the acquisition of trademarks and of the controls associated with the process for
licenses of products that are marketed, of estimating the recoverability of intangible
which Euros 7,424 thousand reflect assets and the process used to recognize
development expenses. research and development expenses and to
identify, where applicable, any expenses that
Management reviews these assets for
qualify for capitalization.
indications of impairment on an annual basis.
Also, the corresponding impairment analysis We evaluated the criteria used by
is performed for intangible assets with Management in identifying indications of
indications of impairment on an annual basis. impairment.
The recoverability of these assets is based
We assessed the consistency of the profit and
on the discounting of future cash flows using
loss forecasts used as a basis for assessing
budgets approved by Management.
the recoverability of the intangible assets, in
Furthermore, the capitalization of any particular, the projected income and expenses
development expenses requires an analysis and cash flows, for assets with indications of
of the compliance with the requirements impairment.
established in the applicable financial
We received and assessed the documentation
reporting framework. The main risk is
prepared by Management in relation to the
associated with the successful outcome of
analysis of research and development
the projects and obtaining the corresponding
expenses, recognized in the income
clinical and regulatory authorizations for their
statement.
subsequent marketing.
Our procedures for projects under
In this connection, the Company has
development included an assessment of the
intangible assets amounting to Euros 7,424
reasonableness of the assumptions used by
thousand from the development of a low-
the Company in relation to obtaining the
molecular-weight heparin, an enoxaparin
pertinent authorizations, by considering the
biosimilar, for which the corresponding
current stage of development, and where
marketing authorization was obtained in
appropriate, their capitalization as an intangible
2017. No indications of impairment have
asset.
been identified.
We also assessed whether the disclosures in
In 2020 the Company incurred research and
the annual accounts meet the requirements of
development expenses amounting to Euros the financial reporting framework applicable to
23,801 thousand that have not been the Company.
capitalized, associated mainly with products
under development based on the ISM®
platform.