Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Annual Consolidated Accounts for the annual period 2017
(Thousands of euros)
c) Standards, amendments and interpretations of existing standards that cannot be adopted early or that have not been
endorsed by the European Union.
At the date of signature of these Consolidated Annual Accounts, the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee had
published the standards, amendments and interpretations described below which have not yet been endorsed by the
European Union. ROVI considers that the following could be applicable to the Group:
• IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”. This Standard establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts within the scope of the standard. The objective is to ensure
that an entity provides relevant information that faithfully represents those contracts. The model of IFRS 17
combines measurement of the present insurance contract liabilities with recognition of the profit over the period
that services are provided. ROVI will apply this Standard when it enters into force, although the impact is not
expected to be significant.
• IFRIC 22 “Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration”. This Interpretation addresses how to
determine the date of the transaction for the purpose of determining the exchange rate to be used on initial
recognition of the related asset, expense or revenue (or the applicable portion thereof) when derecognizing a
non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from payment or receipt of advance consideration in
foreign currency. ROVI will apply this Interpretation when it enters into force. The impact will depend on the
transaction value.
• IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments”. This Interpretation clarifies how to apply the recognition
and measurement requirements of IAS 12 “Income Taxes” when there is uncertainty over income tax
treatments. Under these circumstances, a company will recognize and measure its deferred or current tax
assets or liabilities applying the requirements of IAS 12 on the basis of the taxable profit (tax loss), tax bses,
unused tax losses, unused tax credits and tax rates determined by applying this Interpretation when it enters
into force. The impact is not expected to be significant.
• IAS 28 (Amendment), “Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures ”. This amendment clarifies that an
entity will apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to long-term interests before the allocation of losses and impairment
in IAS 28. When applying IFRS 9, the entity will not take any adjustments to the carrying amount of long-term
interests as a consequence of the application of IAS 28 into account. ROVI will apply this Interpretation when it
enters into force. The impact is not expected to be significant.
• Annual Improvements to IFRS 2015–2017 Cycle. The amendments affect IAS 12, IAS 23 and IAS 28. The main
amendments that may apply to the Group refer to:
o IAS 12, "Income Taxes”. Clarification of the income tax consequences of payments on financial
instruments classified as equity.
o IAS 23, “Borrowing Costs”. The basic principle of this improvement is that borrowing costs directly
attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets form part of the cost of
said assets. Other borrowing costs are recognized as an expense.
o IAS 28, “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”. This states that an entity will also apply IFRS 9
to other financial instruments in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied.
10