Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
If the business combination takes place in stages, the acquisition-date carrying amount of the acquirer’s previously-held
interest in the equity of the acquiree is remeasured at acquistion-date fair value. Any loss or gain arising from this
remeasurement is recognised in profit and loss.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent
changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that are considered an asset or liability are recognised in
accordance with IAS 39 in profit and loss. Contingent considerations classified as equity are not remeasured and their
subsequent settlement is recognised in equity.
Inter-company transactions and balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group entities are eliminated.
Unrealised losses are also eliminated. When necessary, the amounts shown for subsdidiaries have been adjusted to
adapt them to Group accounting policies.
Appendix I to these Notes lists the identification data of the fully-consolidated subsidiaries. All subsidiaries and
associates have the same annual period as the parent company.
b) Joint arrangements
The Group applies IFRS 11 to all joint arrangements. Under IFRS 11, joint arrangements are classified into either joint
operations or joint ventures, depending on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group has
assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and has determined them to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are
accounted for using the equity method.
Under the equity method, interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost and are then adjusted to recognise the
Group’s share in post-acquisition profits and losses and other movements in other comprehensive income. When the
Group’s share in the losses of a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in joint ventures (including any long-term
interest that, substantially, forms part of the Group’s net investment in joint ventures), the Group does not recognise
additional losses unless it has acquired obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures.
Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence that the
assets transferred have suffered an impairment loss. The accounting policies for joint ventures have been modified
where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
2.4 Segment reporting
Operating segment reporting is presented consistently with the internal information presented to the chief decision-
making authority. The chief decision-making authority, which is responsible for allocating resources to the operating
segments and assessing the performance of said segments, has been identified as the Management Committee, which
makes the strategic decisions.
14