Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2021
(Thousands of euros)
The fair values of quoted investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is not active (and
for unlisted securities), the Group establishes fair value on the basis of an analysis of discounted cash flows.
At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a
group of financial assets is impaired. In the case of securities classified as financial assets measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is considered
an indicator that the securities are impaired. If any such evidence exists for financial assets measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income, the cumulative loss –measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the
current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in profit or loss– is removed from
equity and recognised in profit and loss. Impairment losses on equity instruments recognised in profit and loss are not
reversed through profit and loss. The expected credit loss is recognised in other reserves and does not reduce the fair
value of the assets.
b) Derecognition of financial assets
The Group applies the criteria for derecognising financial assets to part of a financial asset or to part of a group of similar
financial assets or to a financial asset or to a group of similar financial assets.
Financial assets are derecognised in the accounts when the rights to receive cash flows related to them have expired or
been transferred and the Group has substantially transferred the risks and rewards of ownership. Likewise, if the Group
retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the financial assets, these financial assets are derecognised
only when contractual obligations that determine payment of said flows to one or more recipients have been assumed and
the following requirements are met:
• Payment of the cash flows depends on their having been received previously;
• The Group cannot sell or pledge the financial asset; and
• The cash flows received on behalf of the final recipients are remitted without significant delay and the Company is
not able to reinvest the cash flows. An exception is made for investments in cash or cash equivalents made by the
Group during the settlement period, running from the date on which the cash flows are received and the remittance
date agreed with the final recipients, provided that any interest accrued is attributed to the final recipients.
Derecognition of a financial asset in full implies the recognition of a gain or loss for the difference between its carrying
amount and the total consideration received, net of transaction costs, including any assets acquired or liabilities assumed
and any loss or gain deferred in other comprehensive income.
2.12 Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
cost method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value
is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.
2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less.
2.14 Share capital
The subscribed share capital is represented by ordinary shares.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, face value reductions or the write-off of existing shares
are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
16