LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
2. ESRS E1. Climate change
The objective of this chapter is to provide an understanding of how ROVI’s activity affects climate change, taking account of
material actual or potential, positive or negative impacts, and the mitigation efforts that are being implemented in line with the
Paris Agreement.
Likewise, details are given of the Group’s plans and capacity to adapt its strategy and business model in line with the transition
to a sustainable economy and to contribute to limiting global warming to 1.5ºC. The actions taken by ROVI to prevent, mitigate
or remediate any actual or potential, positive or negative impacts and to address the material risks and opportunities are also
described.
a. Governance
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 GOV-3: integration of sustainability-related
performance in incentive schemes
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose to report users how ROVI integrates sustainability-related matters
into the incentive system of its governing, management and supervisory bodies.
In this respect, the variable remuneration of one of the executive members of the Board of Directors considers climate change-
related environmental criteria. Specifically, the target is linked to offsetting 100% of Scopes 1 and 2 CO emissions and 20% of
2
Scope 3 emissions and represents 10% of the variable remuneration of the board member to whom it is assigned.
b. Strategy
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-1: Transition plan for climate change mitigation
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the mitigation efforts that ROVI is making or plans to make to ensure
that its strategy and business model are compatible with the transition to a sustainable economy and with limiting global
warming to 1.5ºC in line with the Paris Agreement.
At present, ROVI has a corporate action framework that promotes actions to avoid, reduce and offset greenhouse gas
emissions but it has not formally drawn up a transition plan at corporate level that includes GHG emission reduction targets.
Said framework includes assessing and proposing energy-saving and efficiency measures, the definition of a renewable energy
and guarantee of origin management plan, possibilities of taking action in relation to the supply chain and other indirect
emission sources, and the definition of offsetting strategies and capture alternatives, among other items.
Notwithstanding, in 2024, ROVI worked on specific studies at the Alcalá de Henares and San Sebastián de los Reyes industrial
plants in order to establish greenhouse gas emission reduction measures. These facilities were selected initially because they
are those that generate the most Scope 1 emissions, but the plan will be rolled out to all the plants at a later date, given that
many of the proposed actions can be extrapolated to the rest of the facilities.
In this respect, the results of the studies conducted at the aforementioned two plants in 2024 will allow the Group to assess its
capacity to prepare a corporate transition plan, although no specific date has yet been set for preparing, approving and adopting
such a plan.
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to describe the resilience of ROVI’s strategy and business model in relation to
climate change.
As the starting point of the resilience analysis, ROVI assessed the climate-related physical and transition hazards to determine
the possible risks to which it could be exposed.
63