Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
4.3. Health and safety
The management of personnel-related risks is the duty of the Health and Environment Department, which holds exclusive
responsibility for aspects related to environmental management, as well as workplace safety and health throughout the
Group.
As stated in other sections of this report, ROVI has an Integrated Environmental and Occupational Hazard Prevention
Management Policy, applicable to the whole Group, the objective of which to protect the life, physical integrity and health
of all the workers, including both the Group’s own workers and those of the companies who work with ROVI. This Policy is
based on a series of corporate procedures, as well as local procedures or work instructions specific to each centre.
Likewise, all ROVI’s industrial plants hold OSHAS 18001:2007 Occupational Health and Safety Management Certifications,
published on ROVI’s website. It is planned for all the systems to migrate to the standard ISO 45001:15, an international
standard for occupational health and safety management systems, in 2021.
Specifically, the ROVI Group set a goal of an accident rate (No. of accidents / No. of workers * 100) of 1.3% with sick leave
and 3% without sick leave. In addition, each plant, individually, defines specific prevention objectives. Examples of these
are:
• Reduction in the number of incidents related to energy and fluid control in comparison to the last two years.
• Elimination of the manual loading of solid chemical products into several production tanks.
• Continuation of the blockout-tagout assessments.
The principal occupational hazards identified by ROVI, following the corporate procedure for identifying hazards, assessing
risks and determining controls, are mainly those inherent to a production plant: contact with and exposure to chemical
products, noise exposure, overexertion, etc.
These risks are managed through planning the preventive activity (existence of specific procedures compliance with which
minimizes the probability that these risks will materialize) and training (there are occupational hazard training plans and
refresher plans). Furthermore, the risks identified are managed in accordance with the specific procedures created to
control and regularly monitor the actions taken, such as those concerning work permits, safety inspections and the
identification and evaluation of legal requirements.
Furthermore, the Group has several Health and Safety Committees, on which all ROVI employees are represented.
Likewise, in the aspect of promoting healthy lifestyle habits among employees, ROVI continued with the initiatives
implemented in previous years, such as healthy breakfasts and vending, cooperation with sports centres to encourage
sport among the employees and participation in races, among others, and, during 2019, conducted the campaign “Every
Superhero has his protection equipment” to raise awareness regarding the responsible use of Personal Protection
Equipment (PPE).
28