LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
◦ Calculation of the percentage of turnover
The proportion of turnover to which article 8(2), point (a), of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 refers, shall be calculated as the part of
the net turnover derived from products or services, including intangibles, associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities
(numerator), divided by the net turnover (denominator) as defined in article 2, point (5), of Directive 2013/34/EU. The turnover
shall cover the revenue recognised pursuant to International Accounting Standard (IAS) 1, paragraph 82(a) as adopted by
Commission Regulation (EC) No 1126/2008.
Revenue-generating activities for ROVI in 2024 were activities 1.1. “Manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) or
active substances” and 1.2. “Manufacture of medicinal products” from the Pollution Prevention Annex. In this respect, ROVI has
considered the aggregate of the eligible turnover of these two activities to be the numerator.
The process to calculate the amounts of the numerator consisted of an exhaustive analysis of all the revenue generated by the
the company ROVI Pharma Industrial Services, S.A.U. in 202194. Every item was examined individually, considering the reason
why the revenue was received, discarding any items that did not fall within the description of the activities, with the ultimate
purpose of finding out which specific items were eligible and to which activity they should be allocated.
The amounts used as the denominator correspond to the consolidated net turnover of the ROVI Group disclosed in its
Consolidated Annual Accounts (“Consolidated Income Statement” section).
◦ Calculation of the percentage of CapEx
It is calculated as the numerator divided by the denominator, the denominator covering the additions to tangible and intangible
assets during the financial year considered before depreciation, amortisation and any re-measurements, including those
resulting from revaluations and impairments, for the relevant financial year, excluding fair value changes. The denominator shall
also cover additions to tangible and intangible assets resulting from business combinations.
For non-financial undertakings applying international financial reporting standards (IFRS) as adopted by Regulation (EC) No
1126/2008, CapEx shall cover costs that are accounted based on:
• IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment, paragraphs 73, (3) point (i) and point (iii);
• IAS 38 Intangible Assets, paragraph 118, (e), point (i);
• IAS 40 Investment Property, paragraphs 76, points (a) and (b) (for the fair value model);
• IAS 40 Investment Property, paragraph 79 (d), points (i) and (ii) (for the cost model);
• IAS 41 Agriculture, paragraph 50, points (b) and (e);
• IFRS 16 Leases, paragraph 53, point (h).
For non-financial undertakings applying national generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), CapEx shall cover the costs
accounted under the applicable GAAP that correspond to the costs included in the capital expenditure by non-financial
undertakings applying IFRS.
Leases that do not lead to the recognition of a right-of-use over the asset shall not be counted as CapEx.
The numerator equals to the part of the capital expenditure included in the denominator that is any of the following:
I. Related to assets or processes that are associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities;
II. Part of a plan to expand Taxonomy-aligned economic activities or to allow Taxonomy-eligible economic activities to
become Taxonomy-aligned (‘CapEx plan’) under the conditions specified in the second subparagraph of point 1.1.2.2 of
Annex I of the Delegated Regulation of 6 July, 2021 (relative to the ‘CapEx plan’);
III. Related to the purchase of output from Taxonomy-aligned economic activities and individual measures enabling the
target activities to become low-carbon or to lead to greenhouse gas reductions, notably activities listed in points 7.3. to
19 In 2024, all the contract manufacturing process was billed through said company while, in 2023, it was invoiced through the company Laboratorios
Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A.
54