Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
2.3.13 ROVI participates in the manufacture of the active substance of Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine
ROVI announced (by publication of the inside information number 837 dated 12th of April of 2021) that they will strengthen
their collaboration for the manufacture of the active substance of the COVID-19 Vaccine Moderna. To this end, further
industrial investment will be made in the ROVI Group’s facility in Granada (Spain).
This investment consists of the installation of a new line supporting production phases of the active substance of the mRNA
vaccine, which are prior and additional to the compounding and fill-finish of the vaccine. This line will have a production
capacity equivalent to more than 100 million doses per year and is expected to begin to supply markets outside the United
States in the third quarter of 2021.
With this addition, ROVI will extend the activities it performs in the manufacturing process of the COVID-19 Vaccine
Moderna: it will take part in the manufacture of the active substance, as well as the compounding, filling and final packaging
before the vaccine is distributed for administration to patients.
2.3.14 ROVI has requested to European Medicines Agency (EMA) to “stop the clock” on Day 181 of the Doria®
authorisation process
ROVI announced (by publication of the inside information number 781 dated 2sd of March of 2021) that it had requested
to European Medicines Agency (EMA) to “stop the clock” on Day 181 of the authorisation process to provide responses
within the framework of the centralised registration procedure.
The purpose of said clock stop is to have sufficient time to repeat the bioavailability study comparing multiple doses of
Doria® with oral risperidone, in response to the major observation of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
(CHMP), which states that the study must be performed using the European reference product. The current dossier of
Doria® already includes a clinical trial of bioavailability using the oral risperidone medicine marketed in the United States.
ROVI expected the trial using the U.S.A. reference product to be valid for Europe because the two products -the oral
risperidone medicine marketed in the European Union and the one marketed in the U.S.A.- can be considered
bioequivalents based on the in vitro and in vivo studies that ROVI had conducted and submitted to the EMA. Indeed, the
therapeutic indication in schizophrenia for oral risperidone was supported by the same efficacy clinical trials in both
territories.
ROVI considers that the additional clinical information requested can be provided in November this year 2021, thus
resuming the regulatory process and enabling the EMA to complete its evaluation. Additionally, the EMA includes a second
major observation in its Day 180 evaluation, aimed to prevent possible problems related to the lack of flexibility in
interrupting the treatment with a long-acting formulation, as well as other minor observations that will be answered on Day
181 of the procedure.
ROVI does not foresee any additional information requirements from the EMA and aspires to obtain the indication of
“treatment of schizophrenia in adults”, which would mean that Doria®, due to its unique pharmacokinetic profile, would not
only be indicated for the maintenance treatment of stabilised patients, but could also be used in unstable patients with
moderate to severe symptoms who require a fast and prolonged-acting product like Doria®. It would be the only long-
acting injectable atypical antipsychotic with said indication in the European Union.
2.4.- Research and development
ISM® technology platform
Okedi® (Risperidone ISM®) is the first ROVI’s product based in its leading-edge drug delivery technology, ISM®. It is a
novel investigational antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia with once-monthly injections which has been
developed and patented by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI S.A. and which, as of the first injection, provides immediate
and sustained plasmatic drug levels and does not require loading doses or supplementation with oral risperidone.
In January 2020, ROVI announced the commencement of the centralised procedure for registration of Okedi® with the
European Medicines Agency (EMA). In March 2021, ROVI informed about the request of a “clock stop” in the Okedi®
authorization process to provide answers within the framework of the centralized registration procedure. The purpose of
12