Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
2.8 Borrowing costs
General and specific interest costs that are directly attributable to the acquistion, construction or production of qualifying
assets, which are those that necessarily require a substantial time period before they are ready for their planned use or
to be sold, are added, if applicable, to the cost of these assets until the time when said assets are substantially ready for
their intended use or to be sold.
Finance income obtained from the temporary investment of specific loans while they are waiting to be used on the
qualifying assets are deducted from capitalisable interest costs.
The rest of the interest costs are expensed in the annual period in which they are incurred.
2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life and those that are not in a usable condition are not amortised and are
tested annually for impairment. Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the
amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of
an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows that are largely independent (cash-generating
units). Previous impairment losses on non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed at each reporting date to
see whether then can be reversed.
2.10 Financial instruments
Financial instruments are classfied upon initial recognition as financial assets, financial liabilities or equity instruments in
accordance with the economic nature of the contract and the definitions of financial asset, financial liability and equity
instument set out in NIC 32 “Financial Instruments: Presentation”.
Financial instruments are recognised when the Group becomes an obliged party under a contract or legal transation in
accordance with the provisions thereof. The Group recognises financial instrument purchase or sale transactions through
conventional contracts, defined as those in which the reciprocal obligations of the parties must be performed within a
time frame established by regulations or market conventions and which cannnot be offset against each other, at the
contract or settlement date, depending on the type of asset.
For measurement purposes, the Group classifies financial instruments in the categories of financial assets and liabilities
carried at fair value through profit and loss. The Group designates a financial asset or liability as fair value through profit
and loss upon initial recognition if, by so doing, it eliminates or significantly reduces an inconsistency in the measurement
or recognition that would arise otherwise, i.e. if the assets or liabilities or the recognition of the gain or loss thereon were
measured on different bases.
The Group holds forward contracts for the purchase or sale of foreign currency. These insurance contracts are
considered derivative financial instruments that meet the conditions to be considered hedging instruments. Hedges that
cover foreign currency risk on the fair value of monetary financial assets and liabilities in foreign currency, including both
changes in the market value of the financial instruments designated as hedges and changes in the market value of the
hedged item caused by the hedged risk, are charged or credited to profit and loss, as appropriate.
18