LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
The knowledge, communication and implementation of these values, which express the Group’s commitment to business
ethics and corporate social responsibility, guide the actions of the Board of Directors and other Group bodies in their
relations with stakeholders. Therefore, the Group has support tools the objectives of which are to:
- Favour attainment of the group’s strategic objectives.
- Improve the group’s competitiveness by implementing management practices based on innovation, equal
opportunities, productivity, profitability and sustainability.
- Manage risks and opportunities derived from the changing environment responsibly, maximising the
positive impacts of the group’s activities in the different territories where it operates and minimising any
adverse impacts as far as possible.
- Promote a culture of ethical conduct and increase business transparency, in order to generate credibility
and confidence among stakeholders, including society as a whole.
- Promote trust relationships and value creation for all stakeholders, providing all of them with a balanced
and integrating response.
2.4.- Main factors and trends that may affect future evolution
Although public spending on medicines has dropped over recent years, especially in Spain, the prospects for forthcoming
years are more optimistic. As QuintilesIMS Institute says in its report “Outlook for Global Medicines through 2021”,
medicine expenditure worldwide will grow by between 4% and 5%, mainly driven by new medicines in developed
markets and a higher volume in emerging markets. According to said document, the total volume of medicines consumed
all over the world will rise by approximately 3% per year until 2021. This growth rate is a little faster than the growth in the
population and demographic changes, caused by different factors worldwide.
The U.S.A. continues to be the principal world market, although it will suffer a reduction in its growth, followed by China,
which has remained in this position since 2012. In the first 20 places, there are nine countries with emerging medicine
markets, which will continue to be driven by generic products, which already account for 98% of the market and 78% of
the spending. The opposite is true in the developed markets, where the original brands still have specific weight in
comparison with generics.
But the difference between some companies and others will be denoted by their capacity to provide the market with new
and better products. New medicines, which represented 20% ten years ago, will hold 35% of the market in 2021. This
growth is due to the latest scientific and R&D advances, such as ROVI’s ISM® technology, including their capacity to
contribute to improving costs and the value provided by prescribing these products.
2.5.- Reporting framework used to select key non-financial result indicators
The key non-financial result indicators used in this Statement on Non-Financial Information are those that are generally
applied and meet the guidelines of the European Commission on the subject, as well as the standards of the Global
Reporting Institute (GRI) for each one of the matters discussed herein.
5