Free translation of the 2021 Consolidated Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy,
the Spanish version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2021 Consolidated Management Report
25% of the average daily volume of ROVI’s shares on the Continuous Market of the Spanish Stock Exchanges during
the twenty trading days prior to the date of the purchase.
The Buyback Program is managed by Bestinver, S.V., S.A., that is managing the Buyback Program by making its decisions
regarding the implementation of the purchases of ROVI’s shares and their price and volume conditions independently.
2.3.6 The FDA delays its decision on Risperidone ISM®
ROVI announced (by publication of the relevant information number 12278 dated 21st of October of 2021) that it had been
informed of the delay in the decision on the granting of marketing authorisation for Risvan® (Risperidone ISM®) by the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). The FDA will be taking a number of actions, including an in-situ inspection of
the European production plant where the product is manufactured, located in Madrid (Spain). The grant of the marketing
authorisation for Risperidone ISM® by the FDA is subject to the result of this inspection.
The delay in the inspection of the manufacturing facilities has been caused by the restrictions on movement due to COVID-
19 and, thus, the FDA has not yet fixed the inspection date.
ROVI filed the application for marketing authorisation for Risvan® with the FDA on 24 November, 2020. On 24 September,
2021, ROVI received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA with outstanding questions on the Risvan® dossier. The
Company has provided full response on 17th January 2022. ROVI expects its responses to clarify the outstanding
questions.
In the Complete Response Letter, the FDA states that, due to the exceptional situation caused by the pandemic which has
prevented the inspection from taking place within the term defined in the Filing Communication Letter, all the responses to
outstanding questions will be evaluated in accordance with the timeline described in the “2020 Guidance for Industry
Review Timelines for Applicant Reponses to Complete Response Letters When a Facility Assessment Is Needed During
the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency”, with an estimated review time of 6 months as of the submission of the responses
to the questions raised in the Complete Response Letter.
2.3.7 ROVI informs about the joint statement from Moderna and Takeda on the investigation of suspended lots of the
vaccine
ROVI, as an entity participating in the manufacturing process of Moderna’s vaccine against COVID-19, and in relation to
the notification of particulate matter having been seen in certain drug product vials of the vaccine distributed in Japan,
informed (by publication of the relevant information number 11466 dated 1st of September of 2021) about the joint
statement from Moderna and Takeda on the investigation of suspended lots of the vaccine published on that date.
Working with the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW), Moderna, the vaccine manufacturer, ROVI Pharma
Industrial Services, S.A. in Spain, Moderna’s European contract manufacturing organization, and Takeda, the authorized
distributor, have conducted a thorough investigation, which includes:
– Identification of the root cause of the particles and the corrective and preventive actions being taken;
– An assessment of the nature of a particle from one vial from Lot 3004667; and
– An associated medical safety assessment, to determine if the identified particle poses a health or safety risk.
Root Cause Investigation, and Corrective and Preventive Actions
Three lots of the Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine (Lots 3004667, 3004734 and 3004956) were suspended following reports
from vaccination sites of a potential foreign particulate substance observed in unused vials from Lot 3004667.
According to the root cause analysis report, conducted by ROVI, the most probable cause of the particulates identified in
lot 3004667 is related to friction between two pieces of metal installed in the stoppering module of the production line due
to an incorrect set-up. The two pieces are the star-wheel and the stoppers feeding device piece which feeds stoppers into
the star-wheel. It is believed that this condition occurred during the assembling of the line prior to production of batch
3004667 and was a result of improper alignment during a line changeover before starting this batch. Based on the analysis
9