Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
schizophrenia, regardless the initial severity of the disease or whether they had been treated previously with Risperidone
ISM® during an acute exacerbation or switched from stable doses of oral risperidone.(6) Likewise, Risperidone ISM®
provided a swift and sustained improvement in functioning (both social and personal) and health-related quality of life.
These findings, together with a quick onset of effectiveness, could help strengthen the therapeutic alliance and possibly
lead to an earlier hospital discharge. Furthermore, the patient’s functioning either continued to improve or remained
stable with long-term treatment.(7)
"We are very excited about the FDA’s approval of Risvan® because we think our medicine will be able to contribute to
the clinical management of schizophrenia patients, helping to improve treatment adherence”, commented Juan López-
Belmonte Encina, ROVI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
ROVI, Insud Pharma e Innvierte (CDTI) create a company for the research and development of advanced therapies
ROVI reported (in relevant information publication number 27397 of 12 March 2024) on the the agreement that had been
concluded with Insud Pharma S.L. and Innvierte Economía Sostenible SICC, SME, S.A. (investment company of Centro
para el Desarrollo Tecnológico Industrial EPE – CDTI) to incorporate, jointly with these two entities, a limited company
(Sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) engaged in the research and development of advanced therapies.
This agreement, which was approved at the meeting of the Council of Ministers held on 12 March 2024, falls within the
framework of the Vanguard Health Strategic Project for Economic Recovery and Transformation (PERTE), promoted by
the Spanish Government. This PERTE concerns the creation of a public-private investment vehicle to develop advanced,
innovative and/or emerging medicines, therapies and/or technologies. The goal is to favour the deployment of the
technical and industrial capacities necessary to generate a high performance healthcare system intended to protect
health by providing an immediate and flexible response to healthcare challenges and favouring sustainability.
The share capital of this new entity will be 49% held by the Ministry of Science, Innovation and Universities through the
company Innvierte, while Insud Pharma and ROVI will hold 25.5% each. The shareholders undertake to make an initial
combined contribution of 74,867,346.94 euros. Further investment will be made in accordance with the needs of the
projects defined in the future and will be subject to the shareholders’ approval of the relevant business plan. Such
investment could reach 220 million euros, which would be contributed by the public and private investors that are
participating.
It is planned that Innvierte’s contributions could be made with European “Next Generation EU” funds, which include the
EU Recovery and Resilience Facility established in Regulation (EU) 2921/241 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 12 February 2021.
Juan López-Belmonte, Chairman and CEO of ROVI, highlights the fact that this agreement “represents an opportunity to
help place Spain in a leading position in the clinical research of new therapies, with the capacity to translate this research
into manufacturing and thus improve the availability of new therapies to patients. At ROVI, we are delighted to place our
knowledge and experience at the service of this great public-private alliance that reinforces our commitment to
innovation”.
6 Filts Y, Litman RE, Martínez J, Anta L, Naber D, Correll CU. Long-term efficacy and safety of oncemonthly Risperidone ISM® in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results from a 12-
month open-label extension study. Schizophr Res. 2021 Nov 27;239:83-91
7 Litman R, Naber D, Anta L, Martínez J, Filts Y, Correll CU. Personal and Social Functioning and HealthRelated Quality of Life in Patients with Schizophrenia Treated with the Long-
Acting Injectable Antipsychotic Risperidone ISM. Neuropsychiatr Dis Treat. 2023 Jan 25;19:219-232
37