LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
In this respect, according to the socioeconomic scenarios presented by the IEA, a constant increase in carbon prices in
upcoming years was considered. Even though the pharmaceutical sector was not affected directly by the carbon mechanisms,
an increase in these prices could cause indirect operating costs related to obtaining energy for operations and transport as well
as the materials and raw materials that ROVI will continue to purchase in the future. The quantification of the carbon
mechanisms was calculated in accordance with the cost of electricity and key raw materials, derived from the increase in the
carbon prices applicable to companies with high greenhouse gas emissions.
The potential additional costs of the price of fuel, electricity and materials have been estimated under two different climate
scenarios (STEPS: Stated Policy Scenario, and NZS: Net-Zero Scenario) for two time horizons: medium term (2030) and long
term (2050).
The results of the assessment find that it will not be until 2050 that a slight increase can be expected associated to the
consumption of fuels, electricity and materials derived from the carbon mechanism in the most restrictive net zero scenario. For
this reason, ROVI has not deemed it necessary to develop a mitigation plan for this risk.
In the assessment of transition risks, ROVI has not identified any assets or business activities that are incompatible with, or that
require significant effort to be compatible with, a transition towards a climate neutral economy.
Finally, it should be noted that the climate scenarios used are compatible with the basic climate-related assumptions used in the
consolidated annual accounts (see chapter 4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements of the Consolidated Annual
Accounts25).
◦ Disclosure Requirement E1-2: Policies related to climate change mitigation and
adaptation
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to disclose the Group’s climate change-related policies.
ROVI has a Corporate Climate Change Policy in line with its commitment to combatting climate change, signed by the company
chairman. Through this Policy, ROVI undertakes to promote a corporate culture that encourages raising awareness among all its
stakeholders of the magnitude of the challenge and the benefits associated to tackling a solution, identifying specific aspects in
the areas of climate change mitigation and adaptation. The scope of the Policy encompasses all group companies.
The Policy was updated in 2024 to reflect that latest developments and advances in climate change mitigation and adaptation.
In this context, ROVI has three principles for action that guide the implementation of its commitment to mitigate climate change:
• AVOID: the Group’s priority is to achieve a net result of zero GHG emissions, balancing the amount of tCOeq emitted
2
into the air with the removal of emissions via different channels. To this end, ROVI is working on measures that allow the
transition towards renewable energy sources.
• REDUCE: the basis for neutrality is attained by implementing emission reduction measures. In this respect, ROVI is
working on energy efficiency projects and decarbonisation plans oriented towards implementing measures that allow a
reduction in the consumption of energy from fossil fuels. Likewise, alternatives in the composition of raw materials are
under consideration in order to choose those with less environmental impacts and efficient waste management is
promoted, prioritising recovery over elimination.
• COMPENSATE: Scopes 1 and 2 emissions that cannot be avoided or reduced are offset in their totality and Scope 3
emissions are gradually being offset through socially and environmentally responsible projects.
25 The financial scale approved by the Audit Committee in October 2024 was the scale used to assess the risks in the double materiality assessment, which is
consistent with the financial quantification of the climate risks described in the Consolidated Annual Accounts:
Insignificant risk: < 0.25% of net sales (2 million euros)
Low risk: 0.25 – 1.5% of net sales (2.0 – 11.8 million euros)
Moderate risk: 1.5% - 3% of net sales (11.8 – 23.6 million euros)
High risk: 3% - 6% of net sales (23.6 – 47.3 million euros)
Severe risk: 6% - 10% of net sales (47.3 – 78.8 million euros)
Very severe risk: ≥ 10% of net sales (> 78.8 million euros)
69