Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
o Diversified portfolio protected by patents: the Company has a portfolio of more than 40 products (of its own
and licensed) for which there is growing demand and which are not affected by the reference pricing
system in Spain for nine therapeutic areas.
o Low-risk innovation. ROVI operates with a low-risk strategy, concentrating on chronic diseases with broad
medical requirements.
o International expansion: ROVI continues with its strategic objective of expanding its international presence
and, in 2019, made great strides forward in this respect.
At 31 December, 2019, ROVI had a total of 1,310 employees and sales of 381,313 thousand euros in the period ended
at said date.
ROVI is listed on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Valencia y Madrid stock exchanges. In 2018, the Company carried out a capital
increase, after which the share capital consisted of 56,068,965 shares with a face value of 0.06 euros each. The quoted
price of the share at 31 December, 2019 was 24.40 euros.
2.2.- Geographical presence
Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. has its current registered office in Madrid (C/ Julián Camarillo, 35). In addition to
these offices, in 2017, ROVI opened new offices in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid (Calle José Isbert 2), where the
management team and the marketing and sales areas are located, as well as other central group services.
ROVI has three research centres and six plants to manufacture its own products and provide services to third parties,
located at facilities in Madrid (production and R&D), San Sebastián de los Reyes (production), Alcalá de Henares
(production and R&D) and Granada (production and R&D). Furthermore, in 2019, ROVI announced that the construction
of a second heparin plant would commence in Granada.
At the end of 2019, ROVI was present in more than 65 countries and operating directly in the following:
o Spain, where a large part of its marketing operations is conducted, as well as al the manufacturing
services and R&D activities.
o France
o Portugal
o Italy
o Germany
o United Kingdom
o Poland
In the last five of these countries, ROVI has corporate structures through which it carries out pharmaceutical product
marketing activities directly. In the case of the French subsidiary, product marketing had not commenced at 31
December, 2019.
Additionally, through strategic alliances with international partners, at the end of 2019, ROVI, due to ts LMWH division,
was present in more than 65 countries, distributing its flagship product, Bemiparin, in 58 countries around the world.
Furthermore, at 31 December, 2019, ROVI was marketing its enoxaparin biosimilar directly in Germany, the United
Kingdom, Italy, Spain, France, Austria, Latvia, Estonia, Portugal, Poland, Costa Rica, Sweden and Finland. Likewise, all
the EU countries where ROVI had applied for approval for national registration of its enoxaparin biosimilar (26 countries)
4