the sale of bemiparin and enoxaparin is intercompany revenue, since it is received by Laboratorios Farmacéuticos ROVI on the
sale to ROVI Pharma Industrial Services.
Activity 1.2: “Manufacture of medicinal products”. As a pharmaceutical company, ROVI generates revenue from the
manufacture of medicines using its own active ingredients that it produces (bemiparin and enoxaparin) or using active
ingredients produced by a third party, adding the required excipients.
In this respect, both activities generate revenue, in addition to having CapEx and OpEx associated to them. Consequently, the
eligibility of the two activities is determined on the basis of the revenue obtained and the CapEx and OpEx incurred by the
Group in 2024.
The following table shows the rationale applied by the Group to compute each one of the indicators to the taxonomy activity that
is applicable as per the Pollution Prevention Annex:
Turnover CapEx OpEx
For the Moderna
Activity 1.1. Activity 1.1. Activity 1.1.
vaccine
Manufacture of
active ingredients
Bemiparin and
Intercompany Activity 1.2. (*) Activity 1.2. (*)
Enoxaparin
Own API + added
Activity 1.2. Activity 1.2. Activity 1.2.
excipients
Manufacture of
medicinal products
Third-party API +
Activity 1.2. Activity 1.2. Activity 1.2.
added excipients
*Note: The assumption adopted is that the CapEx items for for the manufacture of own API are computed in activity 1.2, since the purpose of this API is to
manufacture a medicine (considering the activity overall).
Non-eligible as Taxonomy activities
Healthcare material Medicine packaging Medicine distribution
Summary of eligible activities as numerator
Turnover CapEx OpEx
noitagitiM
egnahC
etamilC
5.4. Renewal of waste water collection and treatment x ✔ ✔
7.3. Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency x ✔ ✔
equipment
7.4 Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for
electric vehicles in buildings (and parking spaces attached to x ✔ ✔
buildings)
7.5. Installation, maintenance and repair of charging stations for
electric vehicles in buildings (and parking spaces attached to x ✔ ✔
buildings)
7.6. Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy x ✔ ✔
technologies
noitulloP noitneverP
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
1.1. Manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) or ✔ ✔ ✔ active substances
1.2. Manufacture of medicinal products ✔ ✔ ✔
51