LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
Lastly, set points, thermostats and time schedules were established so that equipment such as the chiller were not operating
constantly, in order to optimise the use of this equipment.
San Sebastián de los Reyes Complex
At the San Sebastián de los Reyes centre, in order to optimise the use of water resources, starting in 2023 and continuing in
2024, water meters were installed on the watering tanks and the most water-intensive equipment. This allows the reused water
to be quantified and permits an evaluation of consumption data in order to establish a reduction and optimisation plan with
robust measures. The CapEx associated to the meters and installing them totalled €10,344 in 2024.
In relation to the reuse of water, ROVI has a condensate recovery system at the plants to feed water to the boilers. Additionally,
100% of the water rejected by the vial washers and the water purifying plants is stored for watering and this use is included in
the Integrated Environmental Authorisation.
It should be noted that the consolidated CapEx figures for 2024 may be consulted in Note 6 “Property Plant and Equipment” and
Note 7 “Intangible Assets” of the Consolidated Annual Accounts, while the OpEx figures may be consulted in Note 25 “Other
Operating Expenses”.
b. Metrics and targets
◦ Disclosure Requirement E3-3: Targets related to water and marine resources
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to enable an understanding of the approach ROVI has adopted to support its
water resources-related procedures and address the impacts and risks associated to said resources.
At present, the Group only has measurable time-bound and outcome-oriented targets to manage the material impacts and
risks identified at the Julián Camarillo complex as a result of the Sustainable Water Plan (2022-2025). This Plan is required by
law and has been validated by the relevant authority. Additionally, for the San Sebastián de los Reyes complex, the objective of
reducing water consumption by 2% compared to 2024 has been established.
At this production complex, ROVI uses water as a necessary input for two purposes. First, commercial consumption and,
second, consumption for industrial use. A forecast annual reduction target of 10-15% of the initial annual consumption (2022)
has been established for commercial consumption. This goal is absolute and is not based on scientific evidence (% of water
consumed). The latest Sustainable Water Use and Management Plan estimated a reduction of 10-15% for the period
2022-2025. As of 31 December 2024, the reduction in consumption had been 23% compared with the 2020 consumption. This
reduction was basically due to the replacement of one chiller by a chiller providing a higher performance and, therefore, lower
water consumption.
Notwithstanding, at the rest of the plants ROVI monitors the efficacy of actions related to the IROs identified, in order to optimise
the use of water resources in its production processes, in spite of the fact that, given the sector in which it operates, a reduction
in water consumption is complex, since water is an essential resource in medicine manufacturing.
Likewise, the Group plans to establish specific short- and medium-term targets adapted to the particular features of each
location where it operates. First, for the Julián Camarillo complex, short-term targets will be set within the framework of
preparing the new Sustainable Water Management Plan. In addition, for the San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcalá de Henares
complexes, medium-term targets will be defined depending on the needs of each location.
Regarding the Granada complexes, ROVI undertakes to set specific water consumption reduction targets in the medium term,
aligned with the need to adapt to the water stress risk in the region.
85