LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
b. Management of impacts, risks and opportunities
◦ Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of the processes to
identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities
The objective of this Disclosure Requirement is to provide an understanding of the material impacts and opportunities61 derived
from the Group’s double materiality assessment in relation to business conduct.
ROVI conducted a double materiality assessment in which it analysed its context, taking account of its strategy and business
model, to find out the aspects that could affect its business conduct. As a result of this assessment, the impacts and
opportunities found to be material in this respect are set out below:
Value chain Impact/Risk/ Actual/ Time
Sub-topic Description IRO
level Opportunity Potential horizon
Guarantee of animal welfare in research and supplier Positive
Upstream Animal welfare Actual < 1 year
compliance with Good Laboratory Practice. impact
Replacement of studies using animals with in vitro studies
Own Positive
Animal welfare or mathematical models. Only engages organisations that Actual < 1 year
operations impact
ensure animal welfare.
Political
Own commitment Commitment to the free market and compliance with the Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations and activities rules that regulate it. impact
of lobbies
Own Corruption “Zero tolerance” policy in relation to bribery and corruption Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations and bribery to satisfy private interests. impact
Across the Corruption Procedures to fight against money-laundering depending Positive
Actual < 1 year
value chain and bribery on the stakeholder group to which they are applicable. impact
Own Corporate The Code of Ethics includes ROVI’s commitment to the Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture principles of business ethics and transparency. impact
Regulatory compliance framework that promotes standards
Own Corporate Positive
of ethics, quality, professionalism and know-how in the Actual < 1 year
operations culture impact
pharmaceutical industry.
Competition Policy: achieve the best result with fair
Own Corporate Positive
competition and without practices that affect the free Actual < 1 year
operations culture impact
market.
Own Corporate Completely transparent tax policy ensures meeting tax Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture obligations with ethical and responsible practices. impact
Own Corporate ESG aspects integrated into ROVI’s ESG Master Plan, Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture involving the Board of Directors’ approval. impact
Own Corporate Ethics channel available to all employees to report any Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture irregularity. impact
Own Corporate Safeguarding of and respect for the intellectual and Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture industrial property of ROVI and third parties. impact
Own Corporate Positive
Protection of minority shareholders through the Board. Actual < 1 year
operations culture impact
Own Corporate Mechanisms to avoid conflict: non-executive directors, Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture policies. impact
Own Corporate Sustainability objectives of the business, linked to the Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations culture Board’s variable remuneration. ESG Master Plan. impact
Management
of relations
Own with suppliers, Procedures for contracting suppliers required by ROVI in Positive
Actual < 1 year
operations including relation to quality and the environment. impact
payment
practices
61 Note that no material risks were identified.
141