LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2018
The Company likewise co-operates with scientific associations and societies of different types in supporting the health
professionals’ quest for innovation. An example is the SEFH/ROVI Hospital Pharmacy Development awards, which have
been awarded jointly with the Spanish Hospital Pharmacy Society (SEFH) for the last two years and which recognise
projects that represent the contribution of innovative and beneficial solutions for patient well-being and quality of life.
- Commitment to training
In order for qualified students to enter a work environment and improve their skills, knowledge and experience, the
Company has a training programme underway in the organisation. In this respect, there are co-operation agreements
with 73 educational centres (universities, institutes, centres imparting official training programmes and business schools)
all over Spain. This practical training helps students to start their working life in a professional work environment. In 2018,
49 persons took part.
7.2.- Subcontracting and suppliers
The Group’s General Corporate Social Responsibility Policy establishes a course of action in relation to suppliers that
allows them to find in ROVI a partner for mutual benefit. It is indispensable to ensure a supply chain that respects the
principles of corporate social responsibility assumed by the ROVI Group. To do this, ROVI undertakes to promote CSR-
related values among its suppliers and subcontractors of goods and services.
Suppliers are a group of strategic interest in relation to ROVI’s activities. For this reason, it has put in place a series of
specific action principles aligned with the company’s principles and values and intended to reinforce the sustainability
and competitive edge of the value chain
As stated in preceding sections, the ROVI Group has a Code of Ethics for Suppliers, which establishes that all suppliers
must respect the protection of fundamental human and labour rights recognised internationally. Specifically, the Code of
Ethics for Suppliers requires all suppliers to comply with the following principles:
• Elimination of forced labour.
• Elimination of child labour.
• Respect for the right of association and collective bargaining.
• Equal opportunities and non-discrimination.
• The supplier must provide a fair work environment, free of any kind of violence.
• Respect for current legislation on working hours and remuneration.
In the same way as ROVI maintains a constant focus on equal opportunities, occupational safety or care of the
environment, it invites all its suppliers to guarantee these factors and to declare their commitment to basic principles of
ethics and professional conduct. To do this, in the same way as ROVI develops them internally, it tries to involve
suppliers and subcontractors in the adoption of the best corporate social responsibility practices in order to regulate their
activities in accordance with the standards included in the certifications SA-8000, SGE-21 or similar.
31