Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period ended 31 December, 2020
(Thousands of euros)
Although Farmaindustria and the Spanish government have not yet signed a new co-operation agreement applicable to
2020, the Spanish pharmaceutical industry and ROVI consider that the parties will finally reach an agreement affecting
said period. Therefore, ROVI has recognised the estimated amount of this item as a decrease in sales in 2020.
When determining the amount for 2020, ROVI has considered that the pharmaceutical industry will reimburse the amount
of the increase in public spending on medicines (excluding generics and biosimilar) estimated by Farmaindustria to the
government.
An increase or decrease of 10% in the growth of said public spending would mean an increase of 585 thousand euros or
a decrease of 590 thousand euros, respectively, in the amounts recognised.
4.2 Critical judgements in applying the accounting policies
Revenue recognition
The Group has recognised the total sales of goods marketed in 2020 and 2019 as revenue at face value and has, when
applicable, claimed late payment interest from the public authorities. The buyer has the right to return the goods sold.
Although the Group believes that, based on previous experience, the level of returns will not be very meaningful, ROVI
has recognised ordinary revenue for its sales together with the related provision against ordinary revenue for estimated
returns. If the estimate changes by 1%, changes in revenue will be not significant.
The revenue recognised for the work performed to adapt, fit out and validate the facilities and machinery, –either its own
or acquired or subcontracted from third parties– before providing a manufacturing service has been calculated in
accordance with the percentage of completion of the work to be performed. Additionally, in the event that the percentage
of completion includes the acquisition of certain assets, the margin is not recognised until they are finally installed.
Furthermore, the revenue from reserved capacity is recognised when the conditions agreed by contract are met (Note
2.21.b).
Determination of the percentage of completion of the service provision took account of Managements’ best estimate in
relation to meeting the defined milestones and costs already incurred or to be incurred in the future in relation to the work
to be performed. Likewise, the Group must make a technical evaluation of whether the work to adapt, fit out and validate
the facilities has been completed when determining the time at which they are ready for production.
5. Segment reporting
The Group’s operating segments have been determined on the basis of the information used by the Management
Committee for decision making. This information is divided in accordance with whether it was generated by
manufacturing activities or marketing activities, irrespective of the geographical area where it took place. Therefore,
segment identification does not relate so much to geographical distribution of the business as to different types of
activity.
Thus, the segment called “manufacturing” obtains its income from service contracts that relate to the finalisation of the
pharmaceutical product production process for external entities and the manufacture of products to be subsequently
marketed by other group companies, while the “marketing” segment, which also includes the research and development
activities carried on by the Group, has the principal activity of purchasing and subsequently selling pharmaceutical
products.
31