engaged in producing the active substance of low-molecular-weight heparins, in
Granada and Escúzar, and the new plant that will be producing sodium heparin. ROVI is,
therefore, prepared for production of a medicine like sodium heparin, which is classified
as essential by the World Health Organisation and is, moreover, among the medicines
included in the European Union’s Critical Medicine Alliance, in which ROVI participates.
Additionally, ROVI has two plants in Madrid engaged in the production of medicines
based on its ISM® technology, in which 35.6 million euros has been invested in the last
five years: at the first plant, the Company produces Risperidone ISM®, while the second
is used to manufacture products under development that use highly potent active
ingredients.
Furthermore, ROVI has three plants engaged in contract manufacturing: in particular,
two injectables manufacturing plants, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes and
Madrid, and a third in Alcalá de Henares, which is engaged in producing solid oral forms
and is a packaging centre of excellence.
Likewise, ROVI remains committed to the vertical integration of its value chain in order
to achieve strategic autonomy in its medicine manufacturing process. In this respect,
ROVI is making significant investments in the construction of a new plant in Huesca,
which will transform pig mucosa into crude heparin and is considered likely to come
into operation in 2026.
ROVI's Share Buy-Back Programme
ROVI informed (by publication of the inside information number 1926 dated 26th of July
2023) that the Company launched, effective as of 26 July, 2023, a share buy-back
programme (the “Buy-Back Programme”), in accordance with the following terms:
1. Purpose and scope: the Buy-back Program’s purpose is to redeem own shares of
ROVI (share capital reduction) and, at the same time, boost the remuneration of
the ROVI shareholder by increasing the profit per share.
2. Term: from 26 July 2023, and for a period of 12 months.
3. Maximum monetary amount: up to 130,000,000 euros, provided that the
maximum price per share may not exceed that provided for by article 3.2 of
Delegated Regulation 2016/1052.
The authorization granted by the general shareholders’ meeting of the Company
on 17 June 2021 established (a) a minimum price for the acquisition corresponding
to the nominal value of the acquired shares and (b) a maximum price for the
acquisition corresponding to a price not above the highest between (i) the last
transaction carried out on the market by independent parties and (ii) the highest
price of a purchase order amongst those contained in the orders book.
4. Maximum number of shares to be acquired: 2,700,000 shares of the Company,
representing approximately 5% of the Company’s share capital on 26 July 2023.
27