LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Non-Financial Information Statement and Sustainability Reporting 2024
• For activity 7.6. “Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies”, all eligible CapEx and OpEx
items meet the requirements established in Appendix A (see footnote 17).
◦ Minimum social safeguards:
The minimum social safeguards are set out in article 18 of Delegated Regulation 2020/852, which states:
Minimum safeguards
The minimum safeguards referred to in point (c) of Article 3 shall be procedures
implemented by an undertaking that is carrying out an economic activity to ensure
the alignment with the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the UN
1 Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, including the principles and
rights set out in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the Declaration of
the International Labour Organisation on Fundamental Principles and Rights at
Work and the International Bill of Human Rights.
When implementing the procedures referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article,
2 undertakings shall adhere to the principle of ‘do no significant harm’ referred to in
point (17) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2088.”
In this respect, the requirements are divided into four core topics: Human Rights, Bribery/Corruption, Taxation and Fair
Competition.
• Human rights: ROVI holds a firm commitment to protect human rights and strives to ensure that the activities carried out
within its sphere of influence do not violate human rights. To this end, it has different tools and mechanisms intended to
ensure that this commitment is met (for further details, see the information included in the topical ESRS of the social
block).
• Corruption: ROVI is committed to “zero tolerance” of bribery and corruption, rejecting any action that includes these
practices as a way to pursue its own interests (for further details, see Disclosure Requirements G1-3 and G1-4 of ESRS
G-1).
• Taxation: ROVI holds a commitment to meet all tax requirements and apply the best tax practices, always reporting
transparently on its activities and meeting its tax obligations responsibly and efficiently (for further details, see Annex 1,
information relating to “Other: financial performance”).
• Fair competition: ROVI is firmly committed to achieving long-term success through fair competition, not resorting to any
practices that affect the free market, as stated in its own Code of Ethics. Therefore, it promotes ethical business
management that respects competition law and avoids any unfair practice that means obtaining unfair advantages or that
could affect free competition.
d. Calculation of key indicators
In line with the content of Annex I of the Delegated Regulation of 6 July 2021, non-financial companies must disclose the
percentage of turnover, CapEx and OpEx of their eligible and aligned activities in 2024 for the all the environmental objectives
Taking the first article of said Annex as a basis, ROVI has calculated these indicators.
Likewise, it should be noted that the factors necessary to avoid double accounting were taken into account throughout the work
process:
• The main information sources were the accounting and management information used in the consolidated income
statement, based on the external reporting format for the National Securities Market Commission (CNMV).
• To analyse this accounting information, the subtotals were checked to ensure that the complete information was included
at all times.
53