Free translation of the 2020 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2020
Additionally, ROVI is one of the market leaders in the marketing of contrast agents, hospital products for
imaging diagnosis. This area comprises a broad product portfolio, including those marketed under licence
from Bracco: Iomeron® and Iopamiro® (for computed tomography and intervention), Multihance® and
Prohance® (for magnetic resonance imaging), Sonovue® (for ultrasounds), and Bracco Injeenering:
EmpowerCTA+®, EmpowerMR® and CT Exprès (contrast injection systems and compatible disposable
material).
o Global-scale high-value-added contract manufacturing with differentiated capabilities. ROVI is one of the world
leaders in the manufacture of prefilled injectables, exporting to more than 50 countries. International sales
represent around 90% of the contract manufacturing business. ROVI has been successful in positioning itself
strategically to take advantage of the growing trend among pharmaceuticals to outsource their manufacturing
processes, providing a very cost-competitive manufacturing position. Thus, uses the manufacturing capacity
available at its facilities by providing high-added-value service of the complete development, transfer and
manufacture of injectables and solid oral forms.
Through its production plants for injectables and solid forms, located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Madrid
and Alcalá de Henares, it offers contract manufacturing services for a wide range of pharmaceutical forms,
including prefilled syringes, vials, suppositories, tablets, hard capsules and sachets.
Within the framework of its contract manufacturing operations, in July 2020, ROVI announced its collaboration
in the manufacture outside the United States of the fill-finish of Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine.
In addition, ROVI has a sound, low-risk R&D policy, where the patented ISM® platform opens up new channels of growth.
ROVI allocates a large part of its resources to research, in order to remain in the vanguard in both the product area and
the manufacturing and development systems area. ROVI operates with a low-risk strategy, concentrating on chronic
diseases with broad medical needs and establishing strategic international alliances to tackle the most arduous clinical
trials. Currently, ROVI has a portfolio of numerous products in the research and development phase and focuses on the
innovative drug release technology ISM®, developed in-house and patented, which allows the prolonged release of the
compounds administered by injection.
At the date of preparation of this document, three candidates associated to this technology are undergoing clinical trials:
- Monthly Risperidone ISM® (registered with the trademark Doria®), indicated for the treatment of
schizophrenia. It is in the process of approval in Europe and, in November 2020, the dossier for its
marketing was filed in the USA.
- Letrozol ISM®, indicated for the treatment of breast cancer. It is in Phase I, which began in November
2017.
- Risperidone, administered three-monthly. It is in the pre-clinical phase.
ROVI has a series of competitive edges that have positioned it as one of the main leaders in its market niche in a sector
which, moreover, has high entry barriers:
o Unique knowledge of LMWH (low-molecular-weight heparins): as a result of ROVI’s 70 years’ experience,
its main product, Bemiparin, has positioned itself as one of the principal treatments for venous
thromboembolic disease worldwide. Likewise, in 2017, ROVI launched a biosimilar to enoxaparin, the
leading molecule in the market and aspires to become a leading company in the LMWH field.
4