Free translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025
(Thousand euros)
2. Bases of presentation
These condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2025 (hereinafter,
the “condensed consolidated interim financial statements” have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standard No. 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated annual
accounts of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. and subsidiaries for the 2024 reporting period, prepared in
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (IFRS-EU). These
interim financial statements do not include all the information required for full financial statements in accordance with
IFRS-EU. However, they include a selection of explanatory notes that provide details of the events and transactions
considered significant in order to understand the changes in the financial position and the Group’s performance since the
last annual financial statements. Significant changes in accounting policies are described in Note 3.
These interim financial statements were issued by the Company’s Board of Directors on 23 July 2025.
Bases of preparation of the consolidated interim financial statements
The consolidation procedures applied are described in the consolidated annual accounts of Rovi for the 2024 reporting
period.
3. Accounting policies
The accounting policies applied in preparing the condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six-month
period ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those used in preparing the consolidated annual accounts for the year
ended 31 December 2024 (the policy for recognising and measuring corporate income tax in the interim period is
explained in Note 22), as described in said consolidated annual accounts, and no significant estimates inconsistent with
those made In the 2024 reporting period have been made.
The rules and interpretations issued by the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee that have come into force in
2025 and are mandatory for ROVI were described in the consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December
2024. Their application has not had a significant effect on the Group.
4. Critical estimates and accounting judgements
The preparation of condensed consolidated interim financial statements requires management to exercise its judgement
and make estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the accounting policies and the amounts presented in
the assets and liabilities and the revenues and expenses. The actual figures may differ from these estimates.
While preparing these condensed consolidated interim financial statements, the matters where management exercised
its judgement significantly when applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of uncertainty in the
estimates were the same as those applied in the consolidated annual accounts for the reporting period ended 31
December 2024.
5. Financial risk management
Financial risk factors
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, fair value interest rate
risk, cash flow interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s risk management programme
focuses on the uncertainty of the financial markets and tries to minimise any potential adverse effects on the Group’s
financial profitability.
The condensed consolidated interim financial statements do not include all the information and breakdowns of the
financial risk management that are mandatory for annual financial statements and, therefore, must be read in conjunction
with the consolidated annual accounts for the period ended 31 December 2024. There have been no changes in risk
management or in any risk management policy since the date of the financial statements for the preceding annual
reporting period. In 2025, the Group has repaid one loan and signed another at a fixed rate and, therefore, the interest-
rate risk is not significant (Note 17a).
10