Free translation of the 2021 Management Report originally issued in Spanish. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish
version prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A.
2021 Management Report
The Board of Directors of Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi, S.A. (ROVI or “the Company”) issues the following
management report in accordance with Article 262, 148 d) and 526 of the Spanish Capital Company Act (“Ley de
Sociedades de Capital”), 61 bis of the Securities Market Law.
1. Corporate profile
ROVI is a specialised, fully-integrated, Spanish pharmaceutical Company engaged in the research, development,
contract manufacturing and marketing of small molecules and biological specialties. The Company is the parent
company of a fully-integrated specialized Spanish pharmaceutical group (“the Group”) with two major pillars of growth:
– The specialty pharmaceutical area, which contains three divisions:
• The low-molecular-weight heparin (“LMWH”) división.
• The speciality pharmaceutical division in Spain, which has a diversified portfolio of its own and
licensed innovative products, protected by patents.
• The contract manufacturing division, with high-value-added products.
– The R&D area, focused on ROVI’s proprietary extended-release drug delivery platform, ISM®.
The growth of these pillars provides ROVI with a defensive profile that has allowed it to increase profits over recent
years, in spite of the difficult environment that exists in the sector, hampered by the cuts in public pharmaceutical
spending.
In addition, ROVI has a sound, low-risk R&D policy, where the patented ISM® platform (internally-developed and
patented innovative drug-release technology which allows the prolonged release of the compounds administered by
injection) opens up new channels of growth. The Company allocates a large part of its resources to research, in order to
remain in the vanguard in both the product area and the manufacturing and development systems area.
ROVI enjoys a series of competitive advantages that have allowed it to position itself as one of the principal leaders in its
market niche, in a sector which, moreover, has high entry barriers:
– Unique knowledge of low-molecular-weight heparins (LMWH).
– Infrastructure with operating advantages.
– Diversified portfolio
– Low-risk innovation
– International expansion
ROVI is aware of the health improvements their products provide and would like to meet certain social demands in
relation to the impact of their activities on society and the environment. Therefore, ROVI’s economic development must
be compatible with its conduct in relation to ethics, society, the workplace, the environment and respect for human rights.
1