Free translation of the 2019 Statement of Non-Financial Information originally issued in Spanish. In the event of
discrepancy, the Spanish version prevails
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statement of Non-Financial Information for the year ending 31 December, 2019
Taking a further step forward in continuing with the commitment to equality and the regular monitoring of the wage gap,
in 2019, ROVI began to prepare a new Equality Plan, based on the requirements of Royal Decree Law 6/2019 on Urgent
Measures for Equal Treatment and Opportunities for Men and Women in Employment and Occupation. The Plan
includes a regular review of wages by gender in order to detect any possible pay gap and, if required, take the measures
necessary to correct it.
- Disconnection from work
Before Royal Decree-Law 8/2019 of 8 March on Urgent Measures for Social Protection and the Fight against Job
Insecurity in the Workplace (the “Royal Decree”) was promulgated. ROVI already aimed for its employees to be able to
enjoy their time off effectively and conserve their personal and family privacy. To do this, ROVI has encouraged practices
aligned with disconnection from work, avoiding communication with employees through any channel (telephone, e-mail
or any other) outside working hours unless there is an urgent, unforeseen need that cannot be met otherwise. Likewise,
meetings in the later part of the working day are avoided, in order to prevent overstepping working hours at the end of
the day and thus affecting the work-life balance.
When the aforementioned Royal Decree-Law 8/2019 was promulgated, ROVI included a Digital Disconnection Protocol
in its Agreements with the Workers’ Representatives and its Working Day Register Policies. This regulates the
Company’s commitment not to require its employees to connect to the Company’s digital systems, e-mail or telephone
once the working day fixed for each worker has concluded.
- Employees with disabilities
As a socially responsible company, ROVI maintains a commitment to mainstreaming people with disabilities in the
workplace. Having a job allows both their incorporation into the workplace and a decrease in the risk of social exclusion,
with the adverse social and financial consequences that this implies. In addition, the spirit of sacrifice and desire to
improve of differently-abled people provides added value to the Company and enriches it.
As an expression of its commitment to mainstreaming people with disabilities in the workplace, ROVI fosters their joining
its workforce. Thus, in 2019, the number of people with disabilities working in the Company’s activity had increased in
comparison with the previous year. At 31 December, 2019, there were 34, in comparison with 25 the preceding year. 25
of them belong directly to ROVI’s workforce, while 9 work through a temporary employment company.
The Group holds agreements with the Fundación Prods, the Fundación Manantial and the Asociación Síndrome de
Down in Granada whereby it conducts supported employment programmes aimed at the workplace inclusion of persons
with intellectual disabilities. ROVI firmly believes that, when person with intellectual disabilities receive the training and
support necessary, they provide the best of their personal, social and employment abilities and perform high-quality
work.
To complement the foregoing, ROVI carries out actions to foment the social integration of this group in two spheres.
First, within its activities related to Corporate Social Responsibility, it provides economic cooperation to various non-profit
entities that carry on their activities in the area of help for the social inclusion of persons with intellectual and/or physical
disabilities by organising leisure and sports activities, which are difficult for these people to access. Likewise, Special
Employment Centres are its service providers in several different areas of the Company’s activity (to consult these two
spheres of action, section 7.1 Commitment to sustainable development).
17