Free translation of the Consolidated Annual Accounts originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with
International Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. In the event of discrepancy, the Spanish version
prevails.
LABORATORIOS FARMACÉUTICOS ROVI, S.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for the annual period 2018
(Thousands of euros)
2.8. Borrowing costs
General and specific interest costs that are directly attributable to the acquistion, construction or production of qualifying
assets, which are those that necessarily require a substantial time period before they are ready for their planned use or
to be sold, are added, if applicable, to the cost of these assets until the time when said assets are substantially ready for
their intended use or to be sold.
Finance income obtained from the temporary investment of specific loans while they are waiting to be used on the
qualifying assets are deducted from capitalisable interest costs.
The rest of the interest costs are expensed in the annual period in which they are incurred.
2.9. Impairment of non-financial assets
Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life and those that are not in a usable condition are not amortised and are
tested annually for impairment. Amortisable assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the
amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of
an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped
at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows that are largely independent (cash-generating
units). Previous impairment losses on non-financial assets (other than goodwill) are reviewed at each reporting date to
see whether then can be reversed.
2.10. Financial assets
(a) Classification of financial assets
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: loans and receivables, and equity securities. The
classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the
classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an
active market. They are included in current assets, except for maturities longer than 12 months after the end of the
reporting period, which are classified as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are classified as “trade and other
receivables” and “financial receivables”.
Deposits in financial institutions maturing at more than 90 days and less than 12 months are included in this category as
current assets.
Receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when
there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the
receivables.
21